 
 
 

 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

清晖 PMP 复习测试题三 

 

注意事项 

1.  清晖PMP复习测试题是清晖团队针对PMP知识点提炼出来。 

2.  本套测试题共有200道单项选择题，测试时间为3个小时，闭卷答题！正确率要求答

对140题（70%）或以上。 

3.  本套测试题尽可能地覆盖PMP考试的题型，请学员们集中精力在3个小时内完成，达

到全真的模拟效果 

4.  模拟考试过程中，调整思维，揣摩考题的意图；考试结束后，认真总结。 

5.  解题策略：TKSC策略 

T（topic）真正读懂题目 

K（key）迅速抓住考点 

S（source）准确找到出处 

C（choice）果断做出选择 

6.  清晖PMP复习测试题，版权归清晖所有，未经清晖许可，不得复制或抄袭。 

7.  对试题或参考答案如有疑问： 

  把试题整理好发给您的教务班主任，班主任会把您的疑问转给讲师为您解答。 

  清晖傅老师解答： 

E-mail：frank@tsinghui.com 

QQ：1984580844 

 

 

 

 

 

 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

1. During the final testing phase, a new project manager requests assistance from subject matter 

experts (SMEs) to resolve an urgent yield issue with the product. 

What should be used? 

A. Expert judgment 

 

B. Ishikawa diagram 

C. Quality management plan 

D. Control chart 

1、在最终测试阶段，新项目经理请求主题专家(SME)协助产品的一个紧急产量问题应

该使用以下哪一项？ 

A.专家判断 

B.石川图 

C.质量管理计划 

D.控制图 

 

2. During the latter part of a new system implementation project's testing phase, a new project 

manager assumes control. With hundreds of outstanding system defects recorded during user 

testing, and only two weeks left to complete the testing, it is unlikely that the development team 

can address all issues. What should the project manager do? 

A. Defer the resolution of the balance of defects to another project. 

B. Create a cause-and-effect diagram to trace problems to the root cause. 

C. Prioritize the outstanding defects with the stakeholders. 

D. Issue a change request to the steering committee to re-baseline the project schedule. 

2、在一个新系统实施项目的测试阶段后期，一名新项目经理接管。在用户测试期间记

录了数百个未解决的系统缺陷，而距离测试完成只剩两周时间了，开发团队不可能解决

所有问题。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.将未解决缺陷顺延到另一个项目解决。 

B.创建一份因果图，跟踪问题的根本原因。 

C.与项目干系人一起排列未解决缺陷的优先顺序。 

D.向指导委员会签发一份变更请求，重订项目进度计划的基准。 

 

3. During a risk management meeting, a team member identifies that a critical supplier will 

likely go out of business. Loss of this supplier will prevent delivery of the end product. The 

team  reviews  and  updates  the  critical  component  specifications  necessary  to  qualify  an 

alternative supplier. What risk response strategy is being used? 

A. Avoid 

B. Transfer 

C. Mitigate 

D. Accept 

3、在风险管理会议期间，一名团队成员识别到一个关键供应商将可能停业。失去这个

供应商将无法交付最终产品。团队审查并更新必要的关键组件规格，用于评估替代供应

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

商是否符合资格。这使用的是什么风险应对策略？ 

A.回避 

 

B.转移 

C.减轻 

D.接受 

4. A key project stakeholder informs the project manager that formal approval is unneeded to 

proceed with projects under US$1 million. What should the project manager do next? 

A. Proceed with the project without formal approval. 

B. Ask for feedback from the project sponsor, and obtain written approval to proceed. 

C. Update the project charter to indicate that formal approval is unneeded, and proceed with the 

project. 

D.  Inform  the  project  management  office  (PMO)  that  formal  approval  is  unneeded,  and 

proceed with the project. 

4、一名关键项目干系人通知项目经理，项目价值低于 100 万美元的项目不需要正式批

准。项目经理下一步应该怎么做？ 

A.在没有正式批准的情况下继续执行项目。 

B.要求获得项目发起人的反馈，并获得书面批准继续执行。 

C.更新项目章程说明无需正式批准，并继续执行项目。 

D.通知项目管理办公室(PMO)无需正式批准，并继续执行项目。 

 

5. A project requiring detailed information exchanges among technical departments has teams 

situated  in  different  locations.  Some  team  members  are  inexperienced  with  the  proposed 

communication system.What should the project manager use to address this? 

A. Communications management plan 

B. Communication skills 

C. Project communication channels 

D. Communication technology 

5、一个项目需要在技术部门进行详细信息交流，项目团队位于不同位置。一些团队成

员对提议的沟通系统没有经验。项目经理应该使用什么来解决这个问题？ 

 

 

 

A.沟通管理计划 

B.沟通技能 

C.项目沟通渠道 

D.沟通技术 

 

6. During a project's execution phase, the functional manager decides to permanently remove a 

key  engineer  with  a  specific  skillset  due  to  operational  issues.  What  should  the  project 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

management do? 

A. Redistribute the work packages among the project team members. 

B. Meet with the functional manager to find a replacement. 

C. Begin the procurement process to find a replacement. 

D. Escalate the issue to the sponsor. 

6、在项目执行阶段，由于操作问题，职能经理决定永久开除一名拥有特定技能集的关

键工程师。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.在项目团队成员之间重新分发工作包。 

B.与职能经理开会，找到替代人员。 

C.开始采购过程，找到一名外部工程师。 

D.将该问题上报给项目发起人。 

 

7. What should a project manager do first after receiving a customer request for a newproject? 

A. Seek project sponsor approval. 

B. Prepare the business case. 

C. Organize a kick-off meeting. 

D. Obtain expert judgment. 

7、收到新项目的客户请求之后，项目经理首先应该怎么做？ 

A.寻求项目发起人批准。 

C.组织项目启动大会。  

 

B.准备商业论证。 

D.获得专家判断。 

8. A project  manager begins  a large-scale project with  complex requirements to  upgrade an 

existing enterprise resource planning (ERP) system. However, the organization has insufficient 

resources with the necessary skills and experience. 

What should the project manager do? 

A. Consult with recruitment companies to determine if resources with the required skills and 

experience are available. 

B. Reduce project requirements so that existing organizational resources may be used. 

C. Contract with a supplier that has the required skills and experience. 

D. Ask the human resource department  to  conduct  competency  assessments,  and to  provide 

necessary training for ERP. 

8、项目经理启动一个拥有复杂需求的大型项目，升级现有的企业资源规划(ERP)系统。

然而，组织没有足够具备必要技能和经验的资源。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.咨询招聘公司，确定是否有具备必要技能和经验资源可用。 

B.减少项目需求，这样就可以使用现有的组织资源。 

C.分包给拥有必要技能和经验的供应商。 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

D.要求人力资源部门开展能力评估，并提供必要的 ERP 培训。 

 

9. A project manager discovers incomplete tasks due to the overcommitment of aresource. The 

project  manager  realizes  that  if  other  resources  are  exploited,  the  critical  path  will  not  be 

impacted.What should the project manager use to meet the schedule? 

A. What-if scenario analysis 

B. Resource leveling 

C. Fast tracking 

 

D. Resource smoothing 

9、项目经理发现由于一名资源过度承诺而导致一些任务未完成。项目经理意识到如果

使用其他资源，将不会影响到关键路径。项目经理应该使用什么来满足进度计划？ 

A.假设情景分析 

B.资源平衡 

C.快速跟进 

D.资源平滑 

 

10. A manufacturing project is expected to deliver 100,000 items per week at a weekly defect 

rate of no more than 0.01 percent. With the past four weeks, the defect rate was measured as 0.3 

percent,  0.1  percent,  1  percent,  and  0.45percent.  The  project  manager  assembles  a  team  of 

experts  that  determines  that  the  raw  materials  do  not  meet  quality  specifications.  The  team 

decides  that  a  revised  raw  material  inspection  process  will  be  necessary.What  should  the 

project manager do with this information? 

A. Perform a strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats(SWOT)analysis. 

B. Initiate a change request. 

C. Request additional quality resources. 

D. Conduct a cost of conformance study. 

10、一个制造项目预期每周将交付 100,000 件产品，周缺陷率不大于 0.01%。在过去四

周，测量到的缺陷率却是 0.3%、0.1%、1%和 0.45%。项目经理集合了一支专家队，判

定原材料不满足质量技术规范。团队决定将有必要修订原材料检查过程。项目经理应如

何处理这项信息？ 

A.执行优势、劣势、机会与威胁(SWOT)分析。 

B.提出变更请求。 

C.请求额外的质量资源。 

D.开展一致成本研究。 

 

11. The project manager for a new project is provided with a list of activities, and a record of 

similar projects the company has implemented. What process must the project manager first 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

develop to estimate the project's duration? 

A. Identify Risks 

C. Sequence Activities 

 

 

B. Estimate Activity Durations 

D. Control Schedule 

11、一个新项目的项目经理获得一份活动清单以及一份公司已经执行过的类似项目记录。

若要估算项目的持续时间，项目经理首先必须制定哪一个过程？ 

A.识别风险 

B.估算活动持续时间  C.排列活动顺序 

D.控制进度 

 

12、When the project enters the closing phase, a technical problem is detected. What should the 

project manager do?  

A. cancels the project and starts a new project with a new range  

B. modify the project management plan, including new activities  

C. communicate with the project sponsor about the problem  

D. performs regression analysis to identify additional costs 

12、项目进入收尾阶段时发现一个技术问题。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.取消项目，并开始一个具有新范围的新项目 

B.修改项目管理计划，包含新活动 

C.与项目发起人沟通该问题 

D.执行回归分析，确定额外成本 

 

13、The sponsor of a software development project casually informs the project manager that 

a new communications product will soon be implemented across the organization. What should 

the project manager do? 

A. Update the communications management plan. 

B. Inform the stakeholders about the new product. 

C. Instruct the project team to send project updates through the new product. 

D. Wait to receive formal notification. 

13、软件开发项目的发起人很随意地通知项目经理，一个新沟通产品将很快在整个组织

中实施。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.更新沟通管理计划。 

B.向项目干系人通知新产品。 

C.指示项目团队在新产品过程中发送项目更新信息。 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

D.等待接收正式通知。 

 

14. During a project's execution phase, the sponsor communicates directly with team members 

and  subcontractors.  The  sponsor  occasionally  provides  them  with  direction  regarding 

implementation  methods,  work  techniques,  and  task  sequencing.  What  should  the  project 

manager do? 

A. Use interpersonal skills to refer the sponsor to the communications management plan. 

B. Update the stakeholder management plan to prohibit direct communication from the sponsor 

to the team and subcontractors. 

C. Update the responsible, accountable, consult, and inform(RACI)matrix. 

D. Update the issue log with the sponsor communications to the team and subcontractors. 

14、在项目执行阶段，项目发起人直接与团队成员和分包商沟通。项目发起人偶尔向他

们提供有关实施方法、工作技巧和任务排序的指导。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.使用人际关系技能让项目发起人查阅沟通管理计划。 

B.更新干系人管理计划，禁止项目发起人与团队和分包商直接沟通。 

C.更新执行、负责、咨询和知情(RACI)矩阵。 

D.将项目发起人与团队和分包商的沟通更新到问题日志。 

 

15.  During  a  project  kick-off  meeting,  the  human  resource  manager  communicates  that  all 

resources will not be provided until a detailed project schedule is available. What should the 

project manager do to obtain resources? 

A. Escalate the issue to the sponsor. 

B. Present the statement of work(SOW). 

C. Create a detailed activity list. 

D. Refer to the responsibility assignment matrix(RAM). 

15、在项目启动大会期间，人力资源经理沟通说，在提供详细的项目进度计划之前，将

不会提供所有资源。若要获得资源，项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.将该问题上报给项目发起人。 

B.提交工作说明书(SOW)。 

C.创建一份详细的活动清单。 

D.参见责任分配矩阵(RAM)。 

 

16. A project manager is having difficulty managing customer expectations, and directing the 

achievement  of  project  goals.  Where  should  the  project  manager  have  documented  the 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

customer’s high-level needs to address these issues? 

A. Project charter 

B. Work breakdown structure(WBS) 

C. Requirements management plan 

D. Stakeholder management plan 

16、项目经理在管理客户期望以及指导实现项目目标方面有困难。若要解决这些问题，

项目经理应将客户的高层次需求记录在哪里？ 

A.项目章程 

B.工作分解结构(WBS) 

C.需求管理计划 

D.干系人管理计划 

 

17. A project manager has completed the project management plan. However, the sponsor is 

unavailable  to  provide  approval  to  proceed  with  project  execution.  What  can  the  project 

manager reference to resolve this? 

A. Communications management plan 

B. Project governance framework 

C. Stakeholder management plan 

D. Project charter 

17、项目经理已经完成项目管理计划。但是，项目发起人无法提供批准继续执行项目。

为解决这个问题，项目经理可以查阅哪一份文件？ 

A.沟通管理计划 

B.项目治理框架 

C.干系人管理计划 

D.项目章程 

 

18.  A  new  software  product  is  ready  for  market  delivery  in  accordance  with  the  schedule. 

However, the failure to complete documentation of several critical processes on time causes 

delays.What should the project manager have considered to control this? 

A. Checksheets 

 

B. Internal failure costs 

C. Cause-and-effect diagrams 

D. Prevention costs 

18、一个新软件产品已经做好准备按照进度计划进行市场交付。但是，未能按时完成多

个关键过程的文档导致延期。若要控制这个问题，项目经理应该事先考虑哪一点？ 

A.核查表 

B.内部失败成本 

C.因果图 

D.预防成本 

 

19.  A  project  is  behind  schedule.  The  projectteam  discovers  that,  by  applying  an  alternate 

method, they may be able to expedite a project deliverable on the critical path. However, it will 

increase the project's cost.What should the project manager do? 

A. Add additional project resources. 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

B. Conduct expected monetary value(EMV)analyses on all methods. 

C. Obtain approval for the alternate method. 

D. Update the project budget with the increased cost. 

19、项目落后于进度。项目团队发现，通过应用一个替代方法，他们可以加快关键路径

上的一个项目可交付成果。然而，这将增加项目成本。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.增加额外的项目资源。 

B.对所有方法开展预期货币价值分析(EMV)。 

C.获得替代方法的批准。 

D.将增加的成本更新到项目预算中。 

 

20.  A  complex  project  involving  new  technology  procurement,  multiple  locations,  virtual 

teams, and external vendors is completed successfully. What should the project manager do 

next? 

A. Celebrate with the project team. 

B. Conduct a lessons learned meeting. 

C. Update the organizational knowledge base. 

D. Identify opportunities for new projects. 

20、一个涉及新技术采购、多个位置、虚拟团队和外部供应商的复杂项目已成功完成。

项目经理下一步应该怎么做？ 

A.与项目团队庆祝。  B.召开经验教训会议。 

C.更新组织知识库。  D.识别新项目的机会。 

 

21、Due to the lack of suppliers' support, a workaround was implemented to replace an external 

software module into an internal module. What should the project manager do if there is no 

reply for the supplier to respond to the plan?  

A. waits for a response from the supplier and escalate the issue to the project sponsor  

B. submits the workaround as a change request to the change control board (CCB)  

C. follows the scope management plan  

D. update issue log  

21、由于缺乏供应商支持，实施了将一个外部软件模块替换成内部模块的权变措施。由

于没有供应商答复的计划日期，项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.等待供应商的答复，并将该问题上报给项目发起人 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

B.将该权变措施作为一项变更请求提交给变更控制委员会(CCB) 

C.遵循范围管理计划 

D.更新问题日志 

 

22.The  project  manager  starts  a  new  project  and  begins  to  identify  the  project's 

stakeholders.Which of the following would be useful for this task? 

A. Resource breakdown structure 

B.Organizational or company structure 

C.Risk breakdown structure 

D.Stakeholder management structure  

22.项目经理启动一个新项目，并开始识别项目干系人。下列哪一项对这项任务有帮助？ 

A. 资源分解结构 

B. 组织或公司结构 

C.风险分解结构 

D.干系人管理结构 

 

23.  A  project  manager  is  responsible  for  optimizing  costs  and  data  security  on  a  project  to 

increase a company’s data storage capacity. What technique should the project manager use to 

determine the risk related to the cost? 

A. Risk data quality assessment 

B. Data gathering and representation 

C. Risk urgency assessment 

D. Qualitative risk analysis 

23、项目经理负责优化一个项目的成本和数据安全，以提高公司的数据存储能力。项目

经理应使用哪一项技术来确定与成本相关的风险？ 

A.风险数据质量评估  B.数据收集和表示 

C.风险紧迫性评估 

D.定性风险分析 

 

24.A  supplier  is  selected  for  a  statement  of  work,  due  to  previous  experience  with  similar 

projects. During the project's execution, the supplier announces that they cannot fulfill their 

responsibilities.To ensure a formal evaluation review in the selection of a supplier, what should 

the project manager have done? 

A.Defined and utilized weighted criteria 

B.Organized bidder conferences 

C.Prepared an independent estimate 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

D.Utilized the Delphi technique 

24.由于之前类似项目的经验，一名供应商被选择来执行工作说明书。在项目执行期间，

供应商宣布他们无法履行其责任。为了确保在选择供应商时进行正式评估审查，项目经

理应完成哪一项工作？ 

A.定义并利用加权标准 

B.组织投标人会议 

C.准备独立估算 

D.利用德尔菲技术 

 

25.Three months after the project's work is completed, the customer continues to request minor 

changes to the deliverables, claiming that the project is still ongoing. The customer's operations 

group has been working with these deliverables without any isues, but management has not yet 

accepted the project.What action should the project manager take? 

A.Contact the legal department to initiate legal actions based on the contract 

B.Negotiate  the  closure  of  the  project  based  on  the  acceptance  documents  from  the  scope 

validation 

C.Advise the customer that all activities were executed and declare that the project is closed 

D.Advise the customer that all activities were executed and declare that the project is closed  

25.项目工作完成后三个月，客户继续请求对可交付成果进行一些小变更，称项目仍在

继续进行。客户的运营团体已经使用这些可交付成果，并无任何问题，但是管理层仍未

验收该项目。项目经理应该采取什么措施？ 

A.联系法律部门，根据合同启动法律诉讼 

B.根据范围核实的验收文件协商项目收尾 

C.通知客户所有活动均已执行并宣布项目收尾 

D.进行变更，因为是有必要的，并且可能对未来客户关系有利 

  

26.The  project  manager  has  received  several  approved  changes  to  the  requirements.  All 

changes  were  subject  to  change  control.  After  six  months,  the  team  cannot  identify  the 

percentage of progress achieved. 

What should the project manager do to avoid this situation? 

A.Ensure  that  the  project  schedule  includes  all  approved  changes  and  that  they  are 

communicated to the project team. 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

B.Schedule  a  weekly  meeting  with  the  team  to  review  the  project  management  plan  and 

incorporate the changes accordingly 

C.Identify and analyze the deliverables and related work assigned to each team member 

D.Structure and organize the work breakdown structure 

26.项目经理已经收到多个批准的需求变更。所有变更均按照变更控制流程进行。六个

月后，团队无法确定已完成进度的百分比。为避免这种情况，项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.确保项目进度计划包含所有批准的变更，并已与项目团队沟通 

B.安排与团队召开一次周会，审查项目管理计划，并包含相应的变更 

C.识别并分析可交付成果以及分配给每名团队成员的相关工作 

D.构造和组织工作分解结构 

 

27、A project is at risk of falling behind schedule due to experts' differences of opinion over 

project requirements. What should the project manager do? 

A. Escalate it to the project sponsor. 

B. Schedule a meeting to review project scope. 

C. Submit a change request. 

D. Compromise, while focusing on project goals. 

27.由于专家对项目需求的意见不一致项目现在存在落后于进度的风险。项目经理应该

怎么做？ 

A.将问题上报给项目发起人。 

B.安排一次会议，审查项目范围。 

C.提交变更请求。 

 

D.妥协，同时关注项目目标。 

 

28. A project is finishing an important phase, and the project manager is securing the resources 

to  start  the  next  one.  While  preparing  for  phase  closeout,  the  project  manager  reviews 

performance metrics and discovers unexplained variations. 

What should the project manager do? 

A. Check the knowledge base from previous projects. 

B. Conduct a cause-and-effect analysis during the lessons learned meeting. 

C. Review the metrics during a team meeting. 

D. Compare the work breakdown structure(WBS) to the actual deliverables. 

28、项目即将完成一个重要阶段，项目经理正在获得资源开始下一个阶段，在准备阶段

收尾时，项目经理评审了绩效测量指标，发现不明原因的变化。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

A.检查之前项目的知识库。 

B.在经验教训会上进行因果分析。 

C.在团队会议上评审测量指标。 

D.在工作分解结构(WBS)与实际可交付成果对比。 

 

29.  During  the  deliverables  phase,  a  multi-billion-dollar  project  encounters  serious  quality 

issues Thorough investigation and analysis identifies the root causes, and redefinition of the 

project scope is now required. What should the project manager do next? 

A. Update lessons learned knowledge base. 

B. Revise the procurement management plan. 

C. Inform the key stakeholders. 

D. Execute the change management plan. 

29、在可交付成果阶段，一个价值数十亿美元的项目遇到严重的质量问题。彻底调查和

分析识别到根本原因，现在需要重新定义项目范围。项目经理下一步应该怎么做？ 

A.更新经验教训知识库。 

C.通知关键项目干系人。 

 

B.修订采购管理计划。 

D.执行变更管理计划。 

30. A global, multi-location organization's project involves the roll-out of a new compensation 

system  to  reward  the  sales  team.  To  discuss  the  program  and  obtain  feedback,  the  vice 

president(VP) of sales requests that a live, regional chat session with stakeholders be added to 

the communications plan. 

What communication method does this describe? 

A. Instant 

B. Push 

C. Interactive 

D. Pull 

30、一家全球性跨区域组织的项目设计推出一个新的薪酬系统，奖励销售团队。为了讨

论项目并获得反馈，销售副总裁请求将一次与干系人实时、地区性会议加入沟通计划中。

这描述的是哪一种沟通方法？ 

A.实时沟通 

B.推式沟通 

C.交互式沟通 

D.拉式沟通 

 

31. A project manager submits the final project report. Which summarizes that all deliverables 

have  been  met.  A  senior  stakeholder  disagrees  with  the  report.  What  should  the  project 

manager do? 

A. Review the project scope statement. 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

B. Update the work breakdown structure(WBS). 

C. Refine the acceptance criteria. 

D. Meet with project team to discuss next steps. 

31、项目经理提交最终项目报告，其中总结了所有可交付成果均已得到满足。一名高级

项目干系人却不同意这份报告。项目经理人应该怎么做？ 

A.查看项目范围说明书。 

B.更新工作分解结构(WBS)。 

C.完善验收标准。 

 

D.与项目团队开会，讨论下一步工作。 

 

32.  A  project  team  is  evaluating  whether  promotional  activities  should  be  outsourced  or 

conducted internally. What process is the team implementing? 

A. Product analysis 

 

B. Plan CommunicationsManagement 

C. Alternatives generation 

D. Plan Procurement Management 

32、项目团队正在评估促销活动应外包还是应在内部进行。项目团队实施的是哪一个过

程？ 

A.产品分析 

B.规划沟通管理 

C.产生可选方案 

D.规划采购管理 

 

33.A new project manager works on a project that involves the purchasing of machinery. A 

colleague  worked  with  the  same  supplier  on  a  similar  project  that  had  a  major  issue  that 

delayed the machinery delivery. The project manager meets with the colleague to ask about 

related issue with the supplier.What activity is the project manager performing? 

A.Plan Procurements 

B.Plan Risk Management 

C.Shortlist Supplier 

D.Plan Schedule 

33.新项目经理管理一个涉及机械采购的项目。一名同事曾经在类似项目上同一个供应

商合作过，而该类似项目发生了一个重大问题，延迟了机械交付。项目经理与该同事会

面询问该供应商有关问题。项目经理执行的是哪项活动？ 

A.规划采购 

B.规划风险管理 

C.列出供应商清单 

D.规划进度 

  

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

  

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

34.A project  team  works with  a third-party vendor to  purchase  equipment  being  developed. 

The third-party vendor refuses to accept the risk if cost increases during the project. The project 

team  wants  to  minimize  risks  of  poor  quality  on  the  equipment.What  type  of  contract  is 

beneficial to both the project team and the third-party vendor? 

A.Cost-plus-incentive-fee 

B.Cost-plus-fixed-fee 

C.Fixed-price-incentive-fee 

D.Time and material 

34.项目团队与第三方供应商合作采购正在开发的设备。第三方供应商拒绝接受如果项

目期间成本增加的风险。项目团队希望尽量减少设备质量差的风险。什么样的合同类型

对项目团队和第三方供应商都有利？ 

A.成本加激励费用合同 

B.成本加固定费用合同 

C.总价加激励费用合同 

D.工料合同 

 

35.  When  project  team  members  are  diverse  regarding  their  locations,  cultures,  and  work 

practices, what can a project manager do to ensure that the team adheres to a common standard 

and approach? 

A. Adopt best practices agreed to by all team members. 

B.  Note  and  accept  the  associated  risks  in  the  risk  register,  but  allow  for  sufficient  project 

contingency. 

C. Use a Pareto diagram to determine where commonality can be achieved. 

D. Ask for team input prior to developing the project management plan. 

35、项目团队成员在地理位置、文化以及工作时间方面存在多样化，若要确保团队遵从

共同的标准和方法、项目经理可以怎么做？ 

A.采用由所有团队成员都同意的最佳实践。 

B.在风险登记册中记录并接受相关风险，但允许有充足的项目应急。 

C.使用帕累托图确定在哪里可以实现共性。 

D.在制定项目管理计划之前要求团队输入。 

 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

36.  A  critical  project  is  behind  schedule  and  over  budget.  Detailed  analysis  by  the  project 

management office(PMO) revealed that not all key people were identified, and there was no 

active  process  for  engaging  and  managing  them.What  corrective  action  should  the  project 

manager take? 

A. Improve the stakeholder management plan. 

B. Review the power/interest grid. 

C. Control stakeholder engagement. 

D. Update the communications management plan. 

36、一个关键项目落后于进度，并超出预算。项目管理办公室(PMO)的详细分析透露。

并非所有关键人员都被识别，并且没有积极的过程来接洽和管理这些人员。项目经理应

该采取什么纠正措施？ 

A.改进干系人管理计划。 

C.控制干系人参与程度。 

 

B.查看权利/利益方格。 

D.更新沟通管理计划。 

37. While planning the schedule for a textbook, the project manager determines that a chapter 

may  only  be  completed  after  all  end-of-chapter  questions  have  been  written.  What  type  of 

dependency is the project manager using? 

A. Finish to start (FS) 

C. Finish to finish (FF) 

 

 

B. Start to start (SS) 

D. Start to finisli(SF) 

37.  在规划一本教科书的进度计划时，项目经理确定只有在所有章末问题均已编写完成

后才能完成一章内容。项目经理使用的是哪种依赖关系类型？ 

A.完成到开始(FS) 

C.完成到完成(FF) 

 

 

 

B.开始到开始(SS) 

D.开始到完成(SF) 

38.  Midway  through  a  project,  new  stakeholders  are  identified  who  introduce  significant 

changes  to  project  requirements.  The  project  manager  than  updates  the  project  scope  and 

baseline. After approval of these updates, what should the project manager do next? 

A. Evaluate the impact of the changes on the schedule. 

B. Capture and analyze lessons learned. 

C. Modify the project charter and work breakdown structure(WBS). 

D. Review the change control process with the new stakeholders. 

38、在项目中途，识别到对项目需求引入重大变更的新项目干系人。项目经理随即更新

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

项目范围和基准。批准这些更新后，项目经理下一步应该做什么？ 

A.评估这些变更对项目进度计划的影响。 

B.收集和分析经验教训。 

C.修订项目章程和工作分解结构(WBS)。 

D.与新干系人一起评审变更控制过程。 

 

39.Once the project is complete, and the product is tested and validated against the scope and 

contract, a project manager should do which of the following? 

A.Document any knowledge learned throughout the duration of the project 

B.Change the communications management plan to include a closure document 

C.Create project charter for the second phase of the project 

D.Validate the resource availability against the customer’s closure expectations 

39.一旦项目完成，且产品已根据范围和合同进行测试和核实，项目经理应进行下列哪

一项？ 

A.记录在项目整个持续过程中所学到的任何知识 

B.更改沟通管理计划，包含收尾文件 

C.为项目的第二阶段创建项目章程 

D.根据客户的收尾期望核实资源可用性 

 

40. At the start of a project, a key resource plans to retire. What should the project manager do? 

A. Revise the work breakdown structure(WBS). 

B. Work with the sponsor to find a suitable replacement for the resource. 

C. Negotiate with the functional manager to obtain an equivalent resource. 

D. Update the risk register. 

40、在项目开始时，一名关键资源计划退休，项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.修订工作分解结构(WBS)。 

B.与项目发起人合作，找到适合的替代资源。 

C.与职能经理协商获得一名同等相当资源。 

D.更新风险登记册。 

 

41.  In  a  lessons  learned  meeting,  what  information  should  a  project  manager  record  for 

continuous improvement? 

A. Team members' meeting minutes 

B. Total cost and budget 

C. Reasons for corrective actions made 

D. Number of change requests 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

41、在一次经验教训会议中，项目经理应该记录哪项信息用于持续改进？ 

A.团队成员会议纪要  B.总成本和总预算 

C.所做纠正措施原因  D.变更请求数量 

 

42. Midway through the project execution stage, economic instability and a labor union strike 

pose project risks. After updating the risk register, what should the project manager do next? 

A. Model each risk. 

B. Conduct sensitivity analyses of the risks. 

C. Plan risk responses. 

D. Update impacted baselines based on an understanding of the risks. 

42、在项目执行阶段中途，经济不稳定以及工会罢工让项目产生风险，更新风险登记册

之后，项目经理下一步应该做什么？ 

A.为每个风险建模。  B.对这些风险开展敏感性分析。 

C.规划风险应对。 

D.根据对风险的了解，更新受影响的基准。 

 

43. A new project manager assumes a project that has experienced quality issues. 

What should the project manager use to control these quality issues? 

A. Monte Carlo simulation 

B. Expert judgment 

C. Pareto diagram 

 

D. Work performance data analysis 

43、一名新项目经理负责管理一个已经经历质量问题的项目。项目经理应使用什么来控

制这些质量问题？ 

A.蒙特卡洛模 

C.帕累托图 

 

 

 

B.专家判断 

D.工作绩效数据分析 

44.  While  closing  out  a  project,  the  project  sponsor  requests  an  overview  of  how  the 

stakeholders perceived the project's overall outcome. What should the project manager review 

to obtain this information? 

A. Issue log 

 

B. Work performance information 

C. Degree of customer satisfaction 

D. Quality audit reports 

44、收尾一个项目时，项目发起人要求项目干系人对项目总体成果进行概述。若要获得

这些信息，项目经理人应查看下列哪一项？ 

A.问题日志 

B.工作绩效信息 

C.客户满意度 

D.质量审计报告 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

45.  A  project  sponsor  is  concerned  about  several  project  scope  changes,  and  wants  to 

understand  how  future  scope  changes  will  impact  completion  of  the  project's  deliverables. 

What tool or technique should the project manager use to address this? 

A. Monte Carlo simulation 

C. Trend analysis 

 

B. Expert judgment 

D. Delphi technique 

45、项目发起人担心多个项目范围变更，并希望了解未来的范围变更对项目可交付成果

的完成有何影响。项目经理应是用什么工具或技术来解决这个问题？ 

A.蒙特卡洛模拟 

B.专家判断 

C.趋势分析 

D.德尔菲技术 

 

46. A project manager is conducting interviews as part of acquiring the project team. 

Three internal experts claim they are already part of the project team and want to begin work. 

What should the project manager do? 

A. Continue with the interview process, even for the experts' positions. 

B. Review the project charter for pre-assignment information. 

C. Negotiate with the functional managers. 

D. Review the human resource management plan. 

46、项目经理正在进行面试，作为组建项目团队的组成部分。三名内部专家声称他们已

经是项目团队一员，并希望开始工作。项目经理该怎么做？ 

A.继续面试过程，即使是专家职位。 

B.查看项目章程，获得预分派信息。 

C.与职能经理协商。 

 

D.查看人力资源管理计划。 

 

47. During a construction project, the project manager identifies certain risks in thechart. In the 

event  that  all  three  risks  occur,  how  much  additional  funding  should  the  project  manager 

request? 

Risk 

Number 

1 

2 

3 

 

Type of Risk 

Risk Description 

If the risk is realized, the project will: 

25 percent chance of snowfall 

Weather 

could delay construction try two 

need an additional US$80,000. 

weeks. 

Cost of 
materials 

Labor issues 

Construction material costs may 

drop by 10 percent. 

Five percent chance that work 

stops due to strike. 

save US$100,000. 

lose US$150,000. 

A. US$130,000 

B. US$37,500 

C. US$27,500 

D. US$17,500 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

47、在一个施工项目中，项目经理识别到图表中的某些风险，如果所有三个风险全部发

生，项目经理理应请求多少额外资金？ 

风险编号  风险类型 

风险描述 

如果此风险发生了，这个项自将会： 

天气 

25%的降雪概率可能会导致施工

延期两周。 

需要额外的 80,000 美元 

材料成本  施工材料成本可能下降 10%。 

节省 100，000 美元 

人工问题  由于罢工导致停工的机率是 5%。 

损失 150，000 

1 

2 

3 

 

A. 130, 000 美元        B. 37, 500 美元 

C. 27, 500 美元           D.17,500 美元 

 

48. A project manager is working on a project involving multiple stakeholders in a dynamic 

environment. As a result, stakeholders’ interest levels are inconsistent. 

What should the project manager do to understand stakeholders' interests? 

A. Perform a communication requirements analysis. 

B. Implement a mandatory, weekly stakeholder meeting. 

C. Update the stakeholder register. 

D. Use the pull communication method. 

48、项目经理正在开展一个涉及动态环境中多个项目干系人的项目。结果，项目干系人

的利益水平不一致。若要了解项目干系人的利益，项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.执行沟通需求分析。 B.召开强制性、每周一次的项目干系人会议。 

C.更新干系人登记册。 D.使用拉式沟通方法。 

 

49. After approval of project scope, new requirements are identified. What should theproject 

manager do? 

A. Adjust the scope. 

B. Continue as planned. 

C. Assess the impact.  D. Amend the various plans. 

49、批准项目范围之后，识别到新的需求。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.调整范围。 

B.按计划继续。 

C.评估影响。 

D.修改不同的计划。 

 

50.  A  project  deliverable  will  not  be  completed  as  planned,  because  a  previously  identified 

obstacle failed to be addressed. What should the project manager have done to avoid this? 

A. Regularly reviewed the issue log with the team 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

B. Continually updated the responsible, accountable, consult, and inform(RACI)chart 

C. Routinely reviewed the stakeholder register 

D. Conducted a quality audit 

50、由于之前识别到的障碍未能解决，项目可交付成果将不能按计划完成。若要避免这

个问题，项目经理应该事先做什么？ 

A.与团队一起定期审查问题日志 

B.持续更新执行、负责、咨询和知情(RACI)图 

C.定期审查干系人登记册 

D.开展质量审计 

 

51. As part of directing and managing a project, the project manager must review completed 

activities. What document should the project manager first review? 

A. Work performance data 

B. Previous status reports 

C. Project schedule 

 

D. Issue logs 

51、作为指导和管理一个项目的组成部分，项目经理必须审查已经完成的活动。项目经

理应该首先审查哪份文件？ 

A.工作绩效数据 

B.之前的状态报告 

C.项目进度计划 

D.问题日志 

 

52.  A  project  manager  invites  relevant  stakeholders  to  a  meeting  to  validate  the  project's 

alignment  with  organizational  strategy  and  expected  business  value.  However,  one  of  the 

stakeholders is unable to attend. What should the project manager do? 

A. Reschedule the meeting. 

B. Hold the meeting without that stakeholder. 

C. Cancel the meeting, and send out the presentation to all stakeholders. 

D. Continue with the meeting, and share meeting minutes with stakeholder. 

52、项目经理邀请相关项目干系人参加一次会议，核实项目是否符合组织战略和预期的

商业价值。然而，其中一各项目干系人无法参加会议。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.重新安排一次会议。 

B.在该项目干系人缺席的情况下召开会议。 

C.取消会议，并向所有项目干系人发送演示文稿。 

D.继续召开会议，并与该项目干系人分享会议纪要。 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

53. A project manager receives a call from a vendor saying the deliverable will be significantly 

delayed due to flooding at the factory. What should the project manager do next? 

A. Examine the agreement or purchase order. 

B. Update the project schedule. 

C. Put in a contract change request. 

D. Verify the statement of work(SOW). 

53、项目经理接到来自供应商的电话，说由于工厂发生洪水，可交付成果将发生严重延

期。项目经理下一步应该怎么做？ 

A.检查协议或采购订单。 

B.更新项目进度计划。 

C.提交一份合同变更请求。 

D.确认工作说明书(SOW)。 

 

54.  A  client  complains  that  the  required  standards  for  the  product  are  unmet.  The  project 

manager  is  certain  that  the  client's  required  standards  were  accurately  recorded  and  have 

remained unchanged. What should the project manager do? 

A. Review the scope management plan. 

B. Conduct a what-if scenario analysis to determine the impact of potential changes. 

C. Reviewthequalitymanagementplan. 

D. Submit a change request to address the problem. 

54、客户抱怨说产品要求的标准未满足，项目经理确定已确定记录客户要求的标准，且

保持不变。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.查看范围管理计划。  

B.开展假设情景分析，确定潜在变更的影响。 

C.查看质量管理计划。 

D.提交变更请求解决该问题。 

 

55. Midway through a large, complex project,  the project  manager learns that a key project 

stakeholder is retiring. Upper management appoints a replacement who needs to be included in 

project activities going forward. What document should the project manager update first? 

A. Project organization chart 

B. Stakeholder register 

C. Communications management plan 

D. Stakeholder status report 

55、在一个大型、复杂项目途中，项目经理得知一名关键项目干系人退休了。上级管理

层指定了一名替代人员，需要包含在后续项目活动中。项目经理应首先更新哪一份文

件？ 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

A.项目组织图 

B.干系人登记册 

C.沟通管理计划 

D.干系人状态报告 

 

56. While approaching a project's completion, the customer discovers a major system failure. 

The  project  manager  must  assess  the  impact  on  the  project.  Which  technique  does  this 

describe? 

A. Cost of quality (COQ) 

B. Cost-benefit analysis 

C. Quality management methodologies 

D. Benchmarking 

56、一个项目接近完工时，客户发现一个重大系统故障。项目经理必须评估这对项目的

影响。这描述的是哪一项技术？ 

A.质量成本(COQ) 

B.成本效益分析 

C.质量管理方法 

D.标杆对照 

 

57. Midway through a project, an accounting manager informs the project manager that there 

are insufficient funds for the remainder of the project. This surprises the project manager. Who 

has continuously monitored costs and believes the project  is  within budget.What  should the 

project manager do? 

A. Request a budget increase, and submit a new baseline for approval. 

B. Use the project reserve to cover the cost overrun. 

C. Reconcile the incurred costs, and conduct a variance analysis. 

D. Fast track the project to address the cost overrun. 

57、在项目途中，会计经理通知项目经理项目剩余部分的资金不足。这让项目经理感到

十分惊讶，因为项目经理一直在监测成本，并认为项目符合预算。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.请求增加预算，并提交新的成本基准用于批准。 

B.使用项目储备涵盖成本超支。 

C.核对发生的成本，并开展偏差分析。 

D.快速跟进项目，解决成本超支问题。 

 

58.  Two  project  team  members  continually  disagree  on  product  design.  Despite  several 

attempts,  the  project  manager  is  unable  to  resolve  the  issue,  and  the  project  is  now  behind 

schedule. What conflict resolution technique should the project manager use to  immediately 

resolve this issue? 

A. Smooth/accommodate 

B. Compromise/reconcile 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

C. Withdraw/avoid 

 

D. Force/direct 

58、两各项目团队成员一直对产品设计意见不一致。即使经过多次尝试，项目经理仍无

法解决这个问题，项目现在落后于进度计划。项目经理应使用什么冲突解决技术来立即

解决这个问题？ 

A.缓和/包容 

B.妥协/调解 

C.撤退/回避 

D.强迫/命令 

 

59. During the execution phase of an IT system implementation project, the customer asks the 

development team for changes. The changes are approved, but the project manager believe that 

they contradict the original project requirements. What should the project manager do? 

A. Update the change log. 

B. Initiate a change request. 

C. Revise the change management plan. 

D. Perform preventive and corrective actions. 

59、在一个 IT 系统实施项目的执行阶段，客户要求开发团队变更。这些变更已经获得

批准。但项目经理认为这些变更与原始项目需求有冲突。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.更新变更日志 

B.提出变更请求 

C.修订变更管理计划  D.执行预防和纠正措施 

 

60.  A  project  manager  is  responsible  for  installing  and  commissioning  a  new  production 

facility. A new line is ready to commission, and a trial production is underway. What tool or 

technique  should  the  project  manager  use  to  ensure  that  the  production  line  is  working 

according to specifications? 

A. Benchmarking 

B. Control chart 

C. Inspection 

D. Flowchart 

60、项目经理负责安装和调试一个新的生产设施。一条新的生产线已准备好调试，且正

在进行试生产。若要确保生产线的运行符合技术规范，项目经理应使用什么工具或技

术？ 

A.标杆对照 

B.控制图 

C.检查 

D.流程图 

 

61. A project that has been on track for the last two months has started experiencing significant 

delays. The project manager has identified the major issues. 

What should the project manager report the project status? 

A. Project schedule 

B. Work performance report 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

C. Issue log 

D. Stakeholder meeting 

61、在前两个一直处于正常进度轨道的项目开始经历严重延期。项目经理已经识别到重

大问题。项目经理应在哪里报告项目状态？ 

A.项目进度计划 

B.工作绩效报告 

C.问题日志 

D.干系人会议 

 

62.A  project  involving  multiple  contractors  is  completed.  When  closing  the  project,  what 

should the project manager do? 

A.Ensure all project documentation is archived  

B.Initiate plans for future procurement actions  

C.Reassign contractor resources to another project 

D.Update project documentation 

62.一个涉及多个承包商的项目完成了。项目收尾时，项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.确保所有项目文档均已存档 

B.启动未来采购行动计划 

C.将承包商的资源重新分配到另一个项目 

D.更新项目文档 

 

63、While finalizing the project schedule, a project manager notices that several tasks on the 

critical path are scheduled during the summer, when key resources are likely to take vacations. 

The  project  manager  decides  to  reassign  those  tasks  to  a  team  based  inanother  country  that 

typically does not take vacations during the summer. 

What risk response strategy did the project manager use? 

A. Avoid 

B. Accept 

C. Transfer 

D. Mitigate 

63、最终确定项目进度计划时，项目经理注意到关键路径上的多项任务被安排在关键资

源可能休假的夏季期间。项目经理决定将这些任务重新分配给位于另一个国家的一支团

队，在该国夏季期间一般不休假。项目经理使用的是哪一项风险应对策略？ 

A.回避 

 

B.接受 

C.转移 

D.减轻 

64. During project  closure, the customer challenges the approval of the final product due to 

noncompliance with required standards. What should the project manager have done to avoid 

this? 

A. Obtained partial approval from the customer during project execution 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

B. Reviewed the customer’s required standards 

C. Performed periodic quality audits 

D. Reviewed previous lessons learned 

64、在项目收尾期间，由于最终产品与要求的标准不一致，客户对最终产品的批准提出

质疑。若要避免这个问题，项目经理应该事先做什么? 

A.在项目执行期间获得客户的部分批准 

B.审查客户要求的标准 

C.执行定期质量审计 

 

D.查看之前的经验教训 

 

65.  Key  stakeholders  on  a  short-deadline  project  want  to  avoid  quality  control.  The  project 

manager knows that a minimum level of quality must be provided. 

What tool or technique should the project manager use? 

A. Benchmarking 

 

B. Statistical sampling 

B. C. Design of experiments 

D. Cost- benefit analysis 

65、一个期限很短的项目关键干系人希望避免质量控制。项目经理知道必须提供最低质

量水平。项目经理使用的是什么工具或技术？ 

A.标杆对照 

B.统计抽样 

C.实验设计 

D.成本效益分析 

 

66.A  project  team  is  comprised  of  ten  team  members.  Due  to  a  scope  increase,  two  team 

members are added later.How many more communications channels are added? 

A.20 

B.23 

C.24 

D.21 

66.项目团队由十名团队成员组成。由于范围增加，后续又增加了两名团队成员。那么

增加了多少个沟通渠道？ 

A.20 

B.23 

C.24 

D.21 

 

67、While reviewing a graphic representation of a project's progress, the project manager sees 

a parameter that periodically crosses upper and lower baseline figures. 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

What is the project manager reviewing? 

A. Control chart 

B. Run chart 

C. Pareto diagram 

D. Scatter diagram 

67、在查看项目进度的图表表示时，项目经理看到一个周期性跨越上下基准数字的参数。

项目经理正在查看哪一项？ 

A.控制图 

B.趋势图 

C.帕累托图 

D.散点图 

 

68. A project manager handing a global project has developed the scope managementplan, and 

dissected  the  scope  into  manageable  segments  based  on  branches.  However,  a  change  in 

business strategy results in the sale of one of the branches. 

What should the project manager do first? 

A. Reorganize the work breakdown structure (WBS). 

B. Update the risk register. 

C. Create a change request. 

D. Update the project manager plan. 

68、管理一个全球性项目的项目经理已经制定了范围管理计划，并根据分支机构将范围

分成几个可管理的部分。然而，业务战略的变更导致出售其中一个分支机构。 

项目经理首先应该做什么？ 

A.重组工作分解结构 CWBS) 

B.更新风险登记册 

C.创建变更请求 

 

D.更新项目管理计划 

 

69. During planning for the development of a new device that has no field-release history, the 

project manager learns that several key engineers are also assigned to other projects. Because 

the project will use and complex technologies, there are many uncertainties. 

What scheduling technique should the project manager use? 

A. Resource leveling 

 

B. Critical path method (CPM) 

C. Critical chain method (CCM) 

D. Resource smoothing 

69、在规划开发一个没有现场发布历史的新设备时，项目经理了解到几名关键工程师也

被分配到其他项目去。由于项目将使用新的复杂技术，存在许多不确定性。 

项目经理应使用什么进度安排技术？ 

A.资源平衡 

 

B.关键路径法(CPM) 

C.关键链法(CCM)) 

D.资源平滑 

 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

70.  To  obtain  the  resources  necessary  for  a  new  project,  the  project  manager  must  receive 

permission from all functional managers. What is the company's organizational structure? 

A. Balance matrix B. Weak matrix C. Strong matrix 

D. Functional 

70、为获得新项目所需的资源，项目必须得到所有职能经理的许可。这家公司属于什么

组织结构？ 

A.平衡矩阵型组织 

B.弱矩阵型组织 

C.强矩阵型组织 

D.职能型组织 

 

71.  A  large,  global  company  has  employees  located  in  seven  different  countries.  To  ensure 

project successes, everyone regardless physical location-must be able to conveniently access 

training via a secured intranet site. 

What communication method is being used? 

A. Interactive 

B. Encoded 

C. Pull 

D. Push 

71、一家大型、全球性公司的员工分布在七个不同的国家。为确保项目成功，每个人-

无论其物理位置-必须能够方便地通过安全的内部网站访问培训。这使用的是哪种沟通

方法？ 

A.交互式沟通 

B.编码式沟通 

C.拉式沟通 

D.推式沟通 

 

72.After  identifying  a  potential  risk  that  could  delay  the  project,  the  project  manager 

implements the planned response. What should the project manager do next? 

A.Update the project management plan 

B.Request approval to use contingency reserves 

C.Compress the project schedule 

D.Perform a risk analysis 

72.在识别可能延迟项目的潜在风险后，项目经理实施了规划的应对措施。项目经理接

下来应该怎么做？ 

A.更新项目管理计划 

B.请求批准使用应急储备 

C.压缩项目进度 

D.执行风险分析 

 

73.  A  project  is  cancelled  during  the  execution  phase.  The  project  manager  transfers  all 

information to the sponsor, but a key stakeholder disagrees with the project manager’s estimate 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

of the subcontractor’s cancellation fee. What should the project manager do? 

A. Conduct procurement negotiations. 

B. Update the payment schedule. 

C. Wait for the subcontractor to submit a claim. 

D. Revise the work performance information 

73、项目在执行阶段被取消。项目经理将所有信息转移给项目发起人，但一名关键干系

人不同意项目经理对分包商取消费用的估算。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.进行采购谈判。 

B.更新付款进度。 

C.等待分包商提交索赔  D.修订工作绩效信息。 

 

74.  During  project  kick-off,  the  project  manager  encounters  difficulty  obtaining  alignment 

from a stakeholder regarding the high-level project description boundaries. What should the 

project manager use to obtain stakeholder alignment? 

A. Interviewing and training 

B. Trust building and active listening 

C. Expert judgment and meeting 

D. Compromising and reconciling 

74、在项目启动大会期间，项目经理难以获得一各项目干系人对于高层次项目描述和边

界的认可。若要获得项目干系人的认可，项目经理应怎么做？ 

A.访谈和培训 

B.信任建设和积极倾听 

C.专家判断和会议 

D.妥协和调解 

 

75.During a project status meeting, two managers discuss the features of the deliverables for 

the next milestone. If the team members deliver what they planned, the deliverables will not 

meet expectations.To ensure the project delivers all the business critical features, what should 

the project manager do next? 

A.Conduct a review of the requirements traceability matrix 

B.Analyze the compliance matrix to resolve the difference 

C.Recognize it as a risk and add it to the risk log 

D.Perform a variance analysis 

75.在项目状态会议期间，两名经理讨论下一个里程碑的可交付成果功能。如果团队成

员按计划交付，可交付成果将不符合期望。若要确保项目交付所有业务关键功能，项目

经理下一步应该怎么做？ 

A.开展需求跟踪矩阵的审查 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

B.分析合规性矩阵，解决差异 

C.将其识别为一个风险，并将其添加到风险日志 

D.执行偏差分析 

 

76、Due to executive reorganization, the project stakeholders have changed. What should the 

project manager use to analyze the authority and involvement of the new stakeholders? 

A. Responsibility assignment matrix (RAM) 

B. Organizational chart 

C. Power/interest chart 

D. Power/influence grid 

76、由于高管重组，项目关系人发生变化。项目经理应使用什么来分析新项目干系人的

职权和参与程度？ 

A.责任分配矩阵(RAM) B.组织图 

C.权力/利益方格 

 

D.权力/影响方格 

 

77. A project manager must develop a new product within three months. The project manager 

reports the most likely estimate is 45 days.However, if another project’s resources are available 

at an earlier date, it could be accomplished in 28 days. If resources are not available until a later 

date ,the work may take more than 56 days to complete.Based on available data, what is the 

project’s expected completion time? 

A.42 days 

B.44 days 

C.45 days 

D.46 days 

77.项目经理必须在三个月内开发一个新产品。项目经理报告最可能的估算为 45 天。但

是，如果另一个项目的资源能提前提供，则可以在 28 天内完成。如果资源只有在较晚

日期才能提供，则这项工作可能需要超过 56 天才能完成。根据提供的数据，项目的预

期完工时间是多少？ 

A.42 天 

B.44 天 

C.45 天 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

D.46 天 

 

78. A global company launches a new project to deliver a quality system across its branches. 

Key stakeholders are concerned about the levels of engagement for those located outside of 

company headquarters. What should the project manager do to address this? 

A.  Conduct  face-to-face  meetings  for  those  located  in  company  headquarters,  and 

emailmeetingminutestoallteammembers. 

B. Share main achievements with all team members, and schedule follow-up calls as required. 

C. Email all team members with topics relevant to the project. 

D. Schedule virtual meetings that allow all participants to attend, and email meeting minutes to 

all team members. 

78、一家全球性公司推出一个新项目，在其各分支机构交付一个质量体系。关键项目干

系人担心位于公司总部外面的人员参与程度。若要解决这个问题，项目经理应该怎么

做？ 

A.为位于公司总部的人员举行面对面会议，并向所有团队成员发送电子邮件会议纪要。 

B.与所有团队成员分享主要成就，并根据需要安排后续追踪电话。 

C.使用电子邮件向所有团队成员发送项目相关主题。 

D.安排允许所有参与者参加的虚拟各议，向所有团队成员发送电子邮件会议纪要。 

 

79. After project charter approval, the project manager begins work on the budget using receive 

analysis. What documents support this? 

A. Project funding requirements, cost baseline, and project reserve plan 

B. Scope baseline, risk register, and project schedule 

C. Quality management plan, project funding requirements, and risk register 

D. Scope baseline, time baseline, and approved change requests 

79、项目章程批准之后，项目经理开始使用储备分析进行预算工作。哪些文件支持这项

工作？ 

A.项目资金需求、成本基准和项目储备计划 

B.范围基准、风险登记册和项目进度计划 

C.质量管理计划、项目资金需求和风险登记册 

D.范围基准、时间基准和批准的变更请求 

 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

80. A project manager asks the team to provide an evaluation of the project's contingency plan. 

What should the team use to accomplish this? 

A. Qualitative risk analysis 

B. Risk audit 

C. Risk reassessment 

 

D. Risk categorization 

80、项目经理要求团队提供对项目应急计划的评估。若要完成这项工作，团队应该使用

哪一项？ 

A.定性风险分析 

B.风险审计 

C.风险再评估 

D.风险分类 

 

81.  A  new,  outsourced  system  implementation  project  is  experiencing  delays.  Thedefined 

corrective  action  to  conduct  critical  path  analysis  and  crash  the  schedules  has  proved 

ineffective. As a result, the schedule delay persists, especially on testing activities.What should 

the project manager do? 

A.  Add  more  resources,  perform  tasks  in  parallel,  and  allow  overtime  to  further  crash  the 

schedule. 

B. Perform a reserve analysis to determine the cost impact of the delays. 

C. Isolate the task that is causing the delay, find the root cause, and perform corrective actions. 

D. Ask the procurement team to review the vendor contract agreement. 

81、一个新的外包系统实施项目正在经历延期。定义的纠正措施，即执行关键路径分析

和对进度计划赶工已经证明无效。结果，进度计划延期继续存在，特别是测试活动。项

目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.增加更多资源，并列执行任务，并允许加班，以便进一步对计划进度赶工。 

B.执行储备分析，确定延期的成本影响。 

C.隔离导致延期的任务，找到根本原因，并执行纠正措施。 

D.要求采购团队评审供应商合同协议。 

 

82、 

Activity 

Predecessor 

Duration 
(Weeks) 

A 

B 

C 

D 

E 

Start 

A 

B 

Start 

C 

2 

1 

5 

6 

7 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

F 

End 

D，E 

F 

1 

一 

Due to the unavailability of resources for activity A, it will be delayed by five weeks. Based on 

the table, what is the impact on the project? 

A. Project will be delayed by five weeks. 

B. Activity F's float will be increased by five weeks. 

C. Activity F will be delayed by five weeks. 

D. Project end date remains the same. 

82、 

活动 

紧前活动  持续时间(周) 

A 

B 

C 

D 

E 

F 

结束 

开始 

A 

B 

开始 

C 

D, E 

F 

2 

1 

5 

6 

7 

1 

— 

由于活动 A 的资源不可用，这项活动将会延迟五周。根据表格内容，对项目的影响是

什么？ 

A.项目将延期五周。 

 

C.活动 F 将延期五周。  

 

B.活动 F 的浮动时间将增加五周。 

D.项目结束日期保持相同。 

83. During the budget-planning process, the project manager realizes that little information is 

available for creating the estimate. What should the project manager use to improve accuracy? 

A. Historical lessons learned 

B. Three-point estimating 

C. Analogous estimating 

 D. Expert judgment 

83、在预算规划过程中，项目经理意识到可供创建估算的信息很少。项目经理应该使用

什么来提高准确性？ 

A.历史经验教训 

B.三点估算 

C.类比估算 

D.专家判断 

 

84. A team member claims that a supplier has failed to meet deliverables requirements. What 

document will help the project manager determine the validity of this claim? 

A. Supplier offer 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

B. Procurement statement of wok (SOW) 

C. Procurement management plan 

D. Work breakdown structure (WBS) 

84、一名团队成员声称一名供应商未能满足可交付成果要求。哪一份文件将帮助项目经

理确定这项主张的有效性？ 

A.供应商出价 

B.采购工作说明书(SOW) 

C.采购管理计划 

D.工作分解结构(WBS) 

 

85.  A  project  team  demonstrates  software  to  a  client  on  a  regular  basis.  The  client  requests 

changes at these demonstrations, which the team then incorporates. Thiscauses the team to fail 

behind schedule. 

What should the project manager have done to prevent this? 

A. Used fast tracking 

B. Defined the changes as project risks 

C. Created a change control process 

D. Assigned more project resources 

85、项目团队定期向客户演示软件。客户在这些演示中请求变更，然后合并这些变更。

这导致团队落后于进度计划。若要预防这个问题，项目经理应该是先做什么？ 

A.使用快速跟进 

 

B.将这种变更定义为项目风险 

C.创建一个变更控制过程 

D.分配更多的项目资源 

 

86. A project sponsor approves the project milestone schedule and assigns a project manager. 

After  reviewing  the  schedule,  the  project  manager  concludes  that  the  dates  are  unrealistic. 

What should the project manager do next? 

A. Create a cause-and-effect diagram. 

B. Produce a schedule network diagram. 

C. Crash the approved schedule. 

D. Perform a schedule network analysis. 

86、项目发起人批准项目里程碑进度计划并任命一各项目经理。评审进度计划之后，项

目经理得出日期不现实的结论。项目经理下一步应该怎么做？ 

A.创建一份因果图。 

 

B.产生进度计划网络图。 

C.对批准的进度计划赶工。 

D.执行进度网络分析。 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

87.  During  a  project's  execution  phase,  a  new  project  manager  joins  the  team.  The  project 

manager learns that key stakeholders have verified and accepted some deliverables, but that 

there  are  ongoing  negotiations  regarding  acceptance  criteria  of  other  deliverables.  To  what 

should the project manager refer to obtain stakeholders'acceptance of the other deliverables? 

A. Change management plan 

B. Quality management plan 

C. Performance metrics   

D. Requirements traceability matrix 

87、在项目执行阶段，一名新项目经理加入团队。项目经理得知关键干系人已经核实并

验收一些可交付成果，但还存在关于其它可交付成果验收标准的协商。若要获得项目干

系人对其他可交付成果的验收，项目经理应参阅哪一份文件？ 

A.变更管理计划 

B.质量管理计划 

C.绩效测量指标 

D.需求跟踪矩阵 

 

88.  The  procurement  department  provides  the  project  manager  a  list  of  vendors  capable  of 

supplying  a  project  deliverable.  Senior  management  insists  that  all  vendors  have  the  same 

opportunity to win the contract. However, it is important that project costs remain controlled. 

What should the project manager do next? 

A. Hold a bidder conference with all potential vendors. 

B. Select a vendor that has previously delivered at the lowest price. 

C. Select the best offer from a vendor that has proven reliable. 

D. Select a vendor that will accept a cost reimbursement contract. 

88、采购部门向项目经理提供了一份能够供应一个项目可交付成果的供应商名单。高级

管理层坚持认为所有供应商均有赢得合同的同等机会。然而，重要的是项目成本仍然起

决定作用。项目经理下一步应该怎么做？ 

A.与所有潜在供应商召开一次投标人会议。B.选择之前曾以最低价格交付的供应商。 

C.从已证明是可靠的供应商选择最佳报价。D.选择将接受成本补偿合同的供应商。 

 

89. During project closure, the project manager is replaced by one less experienced. What tool 

or technique can ensure that appropriate standards are met during project closure? 

A. Analytical techniques  

C. Expert judgment 

 

B. Meetings 

D. Records management systems 

89、在项目收尾期间，项目经理由一名经验较少的项目经理替换。哪一项工具或技术能

够确保在项目收尾期间满足相应的标准？ 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

A.分析技术 

B.会议 

C.专家判断 

D.记录管理系统 

 

90.  A  project  manager  leaves  the  company  prior  to  completing  the  final  project  step  of 

gathering  feedback.  A  new  project  manager  assumes  the  project  for  closeout.  To  what 

document should the new project manager refer to determine from whom feedback should be 

solicited? 

A. Stakeholder management plan 

B. Communications management plan 

C. Status report distribution list 

D. Project management plan 

90、项目经理在完成项目最后一步收集反馈之前离开公司。新项目经理负责项目收尾。

新项目经理应该查阅哪一份文件来确定应向谁征集反馈？ 

A.干系人管理计划 

B.沟通管理计划 

C.状态报告分发清单  D.项目管理计划 

 

91.While  preparing  a  weekly  status  report,  the  project  manager  notices  that  the  planned 

milestones  for  the  week  were  met.  However,  the  project's  schedule  performance  index  is 

0.85.What should the project manager do next? 

A.Verify all milestones 

B.Verify whether there are any overdue tasks 

C.As all milestones were met, no action is required 

D.As all milestones were met, further action could be considered at a later time 

91.准备每周状态报告时，项目经理注意到该周的计划里程碑满足。但是，项目的进度

绩效指数为 0.85。项目经理接下来应该怎么做？ 

A.核实所有里程碑 

B.核实是否有任何逾期任务 

C.由于所有里程碑均已满足，不需要任何行动 

D.由于所有里程碑均已满足，可以再之后考虑进一步行动 

 

92、A city will host a sporting event that requires infrastructure development. Due to public 

interest in the project, the government requires weekly performance cost and schedule updates 

from  the project  team.  What  tool or technique should  the team  consider  to effectively track 

process? 

A. Internal rate of return (IRR) 

B. Return on investment (ROI) 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

C. Program evaluation and review technique (PERT) 

D. Earned value management (EVM) 

92、一座城市将召开一次运动赛事，需要基础设施开发。由于项目存在公共利益，政府

要求项目团队每周提交绩效成本和进度更新/若要有效地跟踪进度，团队应考虑什么工

具或技术？ 

A.内部收益率(TRR) 

 

C.计划评审技术(PERT) 

 

B.投资回报率(ROI) 

D.净值管理(EVM) 

93. A company is working on a critical project that could greatly impact company revenues. 

The CEO has high interest in the project's success, and is committed to assigning all necessary 

resources. How should the CEO's level of engagement be classified? 

A. Managing 

B. Leading 

C. Engaging 

D. Supportive 

93、一家公司正在执行一个关键项目，而该项目可能极大影响到公司的收入。首席执行

官非常关注项目能否成功，并承诺分配所有必要资源。首席执行官的参与程度应如何分

类？ 

A.管理 

 

B.领导 

C.参与 

D.支持 

94.  A  project's  major  stakeholder  requests  immediate  corrective  for  a  priority  issue,  and 

authorizes the project manager to proceed. What should the project manager do next? 

A. Request approval from the change control board (CCB). 

B. Assess the impact on the critical path, and update the schedule baseline. 

C. Update the issue log. 

D. Process with the change. 

94、项目的主要干系人要求对一个优先问题立即采取纠正措施，并批准项目经理继续。

项目经理下一步应该怎么做？ 

A.请求变更控制委员会(CCB)的批准。 

B.评估对关键路径的影响，并更新进度基准。 

C.更新问题日志。 

D.继续进行变更。 

 

95. The customer approved the final product, and the project manager received reports from all 

departments. Which should the project manager do next? 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

A. Review the communications management plan, and share the final project report. 

B. Conduct the Close Procurements process, and document lessons learned. 

C. Schedule an end-of-project review meeting, and release the resources. 

D. Schedule a meeting with all team members to celebrate the project's success. 

95、客户批准了最终产品，项目经理收到所有部门的报告。项目经理下一步应该怎么做？ 

A.查看沟通管理计划，并共享最终项目报告。 

B.执行结束采购过程，并记录经验教训。 

C.安排一次项目结束评审会议，并解散资源。 

D.安排一次所有团队成员参加的会议，庆祝项目成功。 

 

96.While creating the project’s status report, the project manager notices that all the variance 

measures are positive numbers. What is the project's status? 

A.Under budget and ahead of schedule 

B.Under budget and behind schedule 

C.Over budget and ahead of schedule 

D.Over budget and behind schedule 

96.创建项目状态报告时，项目经理注意到所有偏差衡量均为正数。项目目前的状态是

什么？ 

A.低于预算并超前于进度 

B.低于预算但落后于进度 

C.超出预算单超前于进度 

D.超出预算并落后于进度 

 

97.  A  project  team  member  fails  to  complete  timesheets  in  accordance  with  the 

communications  management  plan.  The  team  member  has  no  valid  reason  for  this.  What 

should the project manager do? 

A. Escalate it to the sponsor. 

B. Evaluate the impact on the project schedule. 

C. Remind the team member of the need to follow correct procedures. 

D. Delegate another team member to complete the timesheets. 

97、一各项目团队成员未能按照沟通管理计划完成时间表。该团队成员没有这么做的正

当理由。项目经理应当怎么做？ 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

A.将问题上报给项目发起人。 

B.评估对项目进度计划的影响。 

C.提醒该团队成员需要遵循正确的程序。 

D.委派另一名团队成员完成时间表。 

 

98. A project team voices concern that there are some quality issues with a defined production 

process. What should the project manager use to obtain more clarity on the issues? 

A. Statistical sampling 

C. Control chart 

 

 

B. Pareto diagram 

D. Benchmarking 

98、项目团队表达一个已定义生产过程存在一些质量问题的担忧。若要获得对这些问题

的更多澄清，项目经理应使用什么？ 

A.统计抽样 

B.帕累托图 

C.控制图 

D.标杆对照 

 

99.A manufacturing project is under schedule constraints. At the time of delivery, a shipment 

of components is cancelled, because the components do not meet minimum requirements. In 

the project management plan, this was identified as a potential liability.The project manager 

should do which of the following? 

A.Refer to the quality management plan and verify whether the quality metrics are appropriate  

B.Survey the industry standards and enterprise environmental factors 

C.Review the project management plan to create a more realistic schedule 

D.Review and follow up on the execution of the planned risk responses 

99.一个制造项目处于进度制约之下。交付时，一大批部件被废弃，因为这些部件未满

足最低要求。在项目管理计划中，这被识别为一个潜在责任。项目经理应该采取下列那

种措施？ 

A.参考质量管理计划并确认质量指标是否适合 

B.研究行业标准和事业环境因素 

C.审查项目管理计划以创建更现实的进度计划 

D.审查并跟踪计划风险应对措施的执行 

  

100.A new integration project includes the delivery of an unreleased software product. What is 

the appropriate timeframe for defining testing methods for this software product? 

A.While preparing the quality management plan 

B. At the start of intrgration testing  

C. When starting performance testing 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

D.During the final construction of the software product 

100.一个新的整合项目包括交付未发布的软件产品。确定该软件产品测试方法的适当时

间范围是什么？ 

A. 准备质量管理计划的同时 

B.在整合测试开始时 

C.开始性能测试时 

D.在最终完成软件产品期 

  

101. Two weeks into project execution, a team member reports that the customer asked an 

engineer about a possible new feature. What should the project manager do next? 

A.  Discuss the risks of changing project scope with the customer. 

B.  Log the customer's question, and proceed according to the change management plan. 

C.  Inform the customer that any change will result in higher costs. 

D.  Evaluate the impact, and review the project scope with the customer. 

101. 在项目执行两周时，团队成员报告客户询问工程师有关一个可能的新功能问题。项

目经理下一步该怎么做？ 

A.与客户讨论变更项目范围的风险。 

B.记录客户的问题，并根据变更管理计划进行。 

C.告知客户任何变化都将导致更高的成本。 

D.评估影响，并与客户一起审查项目范围。 

 

102.A project has multiple stakeholders, some of, whom support the project, some of whom 

oppose it,and some of whom are neutral, How should the project manager handle the 

stakeholders? 

A.  Win over the opponents, treat the neutral parties well, and unite the supporters. 

B.  Analyze their interests, and assign responsibility for communication and coordination to a 

team member, 

C.  Win over the supporters, treat the neutral parties well, and combat the opponents. 

D.  Establish a stakeholder management plan that incorporates a suitable management strategy. 

102. 在一个项目中往往有多个干系人，其中有的项目干系人是项目的支持者，有的项目

干系人是项目的反对者，当然也有中立者。对于已经识别的干系人，项目经理应该怎么

做？A.拉拢反对者，善待中立者，联合支持者。 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

B.分析干系人利益诉求，由专人负责沟通协调。 

C.拉拢支持者，善待中立者，打击反对者。 

D.建立干系人管理计划，制定合适的管理策略。 

 

103.A company is planning a one-year, multi-million-dollar project to replace its underlying 

infrastructure. The project manager wants to determine risk priorities and their probability of 

occurrence to ensure that project funds are managed effectively and efficiently.What process 

should the project manager follow? 

A. Perform Qualitative Risk Analysis 

B. Perform Quantitative Risk Analysis 

C. Plan Risk Responses   

D. Control Risks 

103、公司正在规划一个为期一年价值数百万美元的项目，来替换其底层基础设施。项

目经理希望确定风险优先顺序及其发生概率，确保项目资金得到有效管理。项目经理应

该遵循下列哪一个过程？ 

A.实施定性风险分析  B.实施定量风险分析  C.制定风险响应计划  D.控制风险 

 

104.  Project  manager  A  has  surplus  material  that  costs  US$2,000  per  day  to  store.  Project 

manager asks project manager A if they may borrow this material until their delivery arrives. 

What risk response strategy should project manager A use? 

A. Exploit 

B. Accept 

C. Share 

D. Enhance 

104、项目经理 A 拥有多余的材料，每天需要花费 2000 美元来存储。项目经理 B 询问

项目经理 A 他们是否可以借用这些材料，直至他们的交付材料抵达为止。 

A.开拓 

 

B.接受 

C.分享 

D.增强 

105. A project manager needs to assess how each stakeholder could impact the project. What 

tool or technique should the project manager use? 

A. Monte Carlo B. Decision tree C. Power/influence grid D. Expert judgment 

105、项目经理需要评估每各项目干系人如何影响项目。项目经理应使用什么工具或技

术？ 

A.蒙特卡洛分析 

B.决策树分析 

C.权利/利益方格 

D.专家判断 

 

106. During a regular project review, the project manager discovers that the earned value(EV) 

is US$50,000, compared to the planned value(PV) of US$30,000. In addition, US$35,000 has 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

been spent compared to the pre-estimated US$15,000. 

What statement describes the project's current status? 

A. On track, and aligned with the risk management plan 

B. Behind schedule and, due to many variables, may slip 

C. On track due to efficient resource utilization 

D. Ahead of schedule due to crashing 

106、在定期项目评审过程中，项目经理发现净值(EV)为 50,000 美元，而计划价值(PV)

为 30,000 万美元。此外，与预先估算的 15,000 美元相比，已经花费了 35,000 美元。下

列哪一种说法描述了项目的当前状态？ 

A.处于正常轨道，并与风险管理计划保持一致 

B.落后于进度计划，且由于许多变量可能偏移 

C.由于有效利用资源，处于正常轨道 

D.由于赶工，超前于进度 

 

107. A project sponsor knows the budget and resource availability for a proposedproject. What 

information should the sponsor provide executives to justify a validbusiness case? 

A. Social need, business need, and strategic plan 

B. Market demand, organizational need, and, customer requests 

C. Legal requirements, product scope definition, and resource plan 

D. Ecological impacts, resource plan, and cost analysis 

107、项目发起人知道一个拟议项目的预算和资源可用性，项目发起人应向高管提供哪

些信息来证明是个有效的商业论证。 

A.社交需求、商业需求和战略计划 

B.市场需求、组织需求和客户要求 

C.法律要求、产品范围定义和资源计划 

D.生态影响、资源计划和成本分析 

 

108. A project team member is required to support another functional department for three days. 

The project manager identifies that this will delay the project by five days. What technique did 

the project manager use to determine this? 

A. Schedule network analysis 

B. Critical path method(CPM) 

C. Critical chain method(CCM) 

D. Resource leveling 

108、一各项目团队成员被要求支持另一个职能部门三天时间。项目经理识别到这将会

让项目延迟五天。项目经理应使用什么技术来确定这一点？ 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

A.进度网络分析 

B.关键路径法(CPM)  C.关键链法(CCM) 

D.资源平衡 

 

109. During a top-level management meeting, strategic organizational goals are defined. One 

goal is to expand the sales portfolio by eight percent by entering a new market segment in the 

region. A project manager is assigned to the initiative. 

What should the project manager do next? 

A. Perform a cost-benefit analysis. 

B. Gather market research through surveys and focus groups. 

C. Conduct a stakeholder analysis. 

D. Review the organizational process assets. 

109、在一次高层管理会议上，定义了战略组织目标。其中一个目标是通过进入本地区

内的一个新细分市场，扩大 8%的销售组合。一各项目经理被任命管理这个项目。项目

经理下一步应该怎么做？ 

A.执行成本效益分析  B.通过调查和焦点小组会议收集市场调研 

C.进行干系人分析 

D.审查组织过程资产 

 

110. Midway through a six-week, US$7 million project, costs have reached US$4.5 million. 

With three week remaining, what is the project’s status? 

A. Ahead of schedule and under budget 

B. Behind schedule and under budget 

C. On schedule and under budget 

D. On schedule and over budget 

110、在一个为期六周、价值为 700 万美元的项目中途，成本已经达到 450 万美元。只

剩三周时间。项目处于什么状态？ 

A.超前于进度，但低于预算 

B.落后于进度，但低于预算 

C.符合进度，并低于预算 

D.符合进度，但超出预算 

 

111. A project manager and project team have brainstormed ideas for improving quality and 

generating opportunities. The project manager knows that each idea carries a certain amount of 

risk. What should the project manager use to communicate this information to the executive 

sponsor? 

A. Affinity diagram 

 

B. Pareto diagram 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

C. Cause-and-effect diagram 

D. Probability and impact matrix 

111、项目经理和项目团队已经开展头脑风暴，征集改进质量和生产机会的意见，项目

经理知道每个意见都带有一定的风险。项目经理应使用哪一项来与执行项目发起人沟通

这个信息？ 

A.亲和图 

C.因果图 

 

B.帕累托图 

D.概率和影响矩阵 

112. A project manager leads a high-risk project which requires a product enhancement within 

a year. The project manager learns that the enhancement is six months behind. This creates an 

issue with the window of opportunity to sell the product and recover the R&D costs within the 

expected timeframe. 

To reassess and monitor risks, what should the project manager use? 

A. Technical performance measurement 

B. Variance and trend analysis 

C. Reserve analysis 

 

D. Earned value management(EVM) 

112、项目经理正在管理一个高风险项目，要求在一年之内实现产品改进。项目经理得

知产品改进已经落后六个月了。这产生了在预期时间范围内销售产品并收回研发成本的

机会窗口问题。若要重新评估并检测风险，项目经理应使用哪一项？ 

A.技术绩效衡量 

B.偏差和趋势分析 

C.储备分析 

D.净值管理(EVM) 

 

113.  A  project  charter  was  recently  approved.  However,  the  project  manager  omitted  key 

regulatory requirements that could delay the schedule. 

What should the project manager have checked to avoid this omission? 

A. Project management plan 

B. Organizational process assets 

C. Enterprise environmental factors 

D. Agreements 

113、项目章程最近已获得批准。然而，项目经理忽视了可能延迟进度计划的关键监管

要求。若要避免这种疏忽，项目经理应检查什么？ 

A.项目管理计划 

B.组织过程资产 

C.事业环境因素 

D.协议 

 

114. A project manager becomes concerned that numerous change requests have caused the 

project to move away from its original intent. What document helps assess the impact of these 

change requests? 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

A. Issue log 

 

B. Project scope statement 

C. Requirements traceability matrix 

D. Scope baseline 

114、项目经理担心大量的变更请求已经导致项目偏离其原始目的。哪一份文件有助于

评估这些变更请求的影响？ 

A.问题日志 

B.项目范围说明书 

C.需求跟踪矩阵 

D.范围基准 

 

115. Faster execution is required to support a regional project from headquarters. 

What should the project manager do first to formulate a sourcing strategy? 

A. Set up a collocated team 

B. Consult the human resource management plan 

C. Review the procurement management plan 

D. Set up a cross-time-zone virtual team 

115、总部要求更快的执行速度，支持一个地区性项目。若要正式制定一个资源获取策

略。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.成立一个集中办公团队 

B.查看人力资源管理计划 

C.查看采购管理计划 

 

D.成立一个跨时区虚拟团队 

 

116.  While  performing  the  post-project  review,  the  project  manager  identifies  that  product 

design  was  the  root  cause  of  various  manufacturing  problems.  What  should  the  project 

manager do next? 

A. Update the risk register. 

B. Review the project management plan. 

C. Apply the Perform Integrated Change Control process. 

D. Update the lessons learned knowledge base. 

116、执行项目后评价时，项目经理识别到产品设计是各种制造问题的根本原因。项目

经理下一步应该怎么做？ 

A.更新风险登记册。 

 

B.审查项目管理计划。 

C.应用实施整体变更控制过程。 

D.更新经验教训知识库。 

 

117.  A  project  manager  is  developing  a  project  charter.  However,  a  key  stakeholder  is 

unavailable to provide specific information required to complete the charter. 

What should the project manager do to obtain this information? 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

A. Ask the other key stakeholders. 

B. Contact the finance department to determine who can provide the information. 

C. Search the organizational process assets. 

D. Review the enterprise environmental factors. 

117、项目经理正在制定项目章程。然而，一名关键干系人却无法提供完成章程所需的

具体信息。若要获得这些信息，项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.询问其他关键干系人。 

B.联系财务部门，确定谁能提供此类信息。 

C.搜索组织过程资产。 

D.审查事业环境因素。 

 

118.  When  a  project  manager  informs  the  sponsor  that  the  project  is  behind  schedule,  the 

sponsor insists that scope must be reduced to meet the deadline. The project manager disagrees, 

and believes that the project should be delivered later with full scope. What should the project 

manager do next? 

A. Accept the project sponsor’s demands. 

B. Ask the project team for a solution. 

C. Maintain the original scope, but deliver later than planned. 

D. Ask key stakeholders to make the final decision. 

118、当项目经理通知项目发起人项目落后于进度计划时，项目发起人坚持认为必须减

少范围满足项目期限。项目经理不同意，认为项目应延迟交付全部范围。 

项目经理下一步应该怎么做？ 

A.接受项目发起人的要求。 

B.要求项目团队提供解决方案。 

C.保持原始范围，但比计划晚交付。 

D.要求关键项目干系人做出最终决策。 

 

119.  A  company  wins  a  contract  to  supped  specialized  parts.  During  testing,  two  parts  are 

rejected. The customer returns all parts, stating that the batch is unacceptable. By rejecting the 

batch, what does this demonstrate? 

A.  Cost aggregation  

B.  Cost of conformance  

C.  Risk reserves  

D.  Cost of nonconformance  

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

119.  公司中得一份合同，供应专业化的零部件。在测试过程中，有两个零部件被拒收。

客户退回所有零部件，声称整个批次都是不合格的。通过拒收整个批次，这证明了什么？ 

A.成本汇总 

B.一致性成本 

C.风险储备 

D.非一致性成本 

 

120.A project is on schedule and approaching the final every date. During a status meeting, a 

stakeholder  asks  the  project  manager  to  include  an  additional  deliverable  before  project 

closeout.This  deliverable  was  previously  discussed;  however,  there  was  no  agreement  to 

include it. What should the project manager do first? 

A. Include the deliverable in the project 

B. Perform an impact analysis. 

C. Verify the scope statement. 

D. Create a change request. 

120.一个项目符合进度计划，且接近最终交付日期。在状态会上，干系人要求项目经理

在项目收尾之前包含一个额外的可交付成果。这个可交付成果之前讨论过，但是，没有

协议约定包含该可交付成果。项目经理首先应该做什么？ 

A.将可交付成果包含进项目中。 

B.执行影响分析。 

C.核实范围说明书。 

D.创建变更请求。 

 

121.During project execution, the project manager notices a cost variance. Before taking action, 

what plan should be reviewed? 

A. Change management   

C. Risk management 

 

B. Requirement management 

D. Schedule management 

121、在项目执行期间，项目经理注意到一个成本偏差。采取措施之前,应查看哪一项计

划？ 

A.变更管理计划 

B.需求管理计划 

C.风险管理计划 

D.进度管理计划 

 

122.  During  project  execution,  a  team  member  recommends  adding  a  feature  that  would 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

provide  high  value  to  the  customer,  but  with  some  additional  cost.  What  should  the  project 

manager do? 

A. Approve the team member’s recommendation. 

B. Reject the team member’s recommendation. 

C. Speak with the customer. 

D. Consult the change control board(CCB). 

122、在项目执行期间，一名团队成员建议增加一个新功能，将为客户提供高价值。但

需要一些额外成本。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.批准团队成员的建议。 

B.拒绝团队成员的建议。 

C.与客户谈话。 

 

D.咨询变更控制委员会(CCB)。 

 

123. A project integrating new functionality into an existing product is completed. The project 

meets  all  documented  project  requirements  and  is  released  and  delivered  to  the  customer; 

however  customer  feedback  indicates  that  satisfaction  is  low.  Where  should  this  be 

documented? 

A.  Project management plan  

B.  Work breakdown structure (WBS) dictionary  

C.  Enterprise environmental factors  

D.  Corporate knowledge base  

123. 一个将新功能集成到现有产品的项目已完成。该项目满足所有记录的项目需求，并

发布和交付给客户：但是客户反馈显示客户满意度很低。这应记录在哪一份文件中？ 

A.项目管理计划 

B.工作分解结构(WBS)字典 

C.事业环境因素 

D.企业的知识库 

 

124. A new project manager must gain an understanding of stakeholders'interests, relationships, 

expectations, and influence on a project. The project manager must also leverage relationships 

to build coalitions. What will help the project manager accomplish this? 

A. Stakeholder analysis 

B. Interpersonal skills 

C. Analytical techniques 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

D. Stakeholders engagement assessment matrix 

124、一名新项目经理必须了解项目干系人在项目中的利益、关系、期望和影响。项目

经理也必须利用这些关系建立联系。下列哪一项将帮助项目经理完成这项工作？ 

A.干系人分析 

B.人际关系技巧 

C.分析技能 

D.干系人参与评估矩阵 

 

125. A project manager notices that team members are working on tasks to which they were not 

assigned. What should the project manager do to fix this issue? 

A. Complete the resource breakdown structure(RBS). 

B. Review the responsible, accountable, consult, and inform(RACI) matrix. 

C. Develop the work breakdown structure(WBS). 

D. Perform a root cause analysis. 

125、项目经理注意到团队成员正在进行未分配给他们的任务。若要解决这个问题,项目

经理应该怎么做？ 

A.完成资源分解结构(RBS)。 

B.审查执行、负责、咨询和知情(RACI)矩阵。 

C.制定工作分解结构(WBS)。 

D.执行根本原因分析。 

 

126.  A  project's  deliverable  successfully  completes  final  testing  and  is  approved  by  the 

engineering and development teams. What should the project manager do next? 

A. Document lessons learned. 

B. Transfer ownership of the deliverable. 

C. Confirm that project scope has been met. 

D. Archive project documentation. 

126、一个项目的可交付成果成功完成最终测试，并获得工程和开发团队的批准。项目

经理下一步应该怎么做？ 

A.记录经验教训 

 

B.转移可交付成果的所有权 

C.确认已经满足项目范围 

D.项目文档归档 

 

127. A project manager needs to expedite a project that is behind schedule without negatively 

impacting the budget. What technique should the project manager use? 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

A. Forward pass 

B. Fast tracking 

C. Crashing 

D. Precedence diagramming method(PDM) 

127、项目经理需要在不对预算产生负面影响的情况下，加速一个进度计划落后的项目。

项目经理应使用什么技术？ 

A.顺推法 

C.赶工 

 

B.快速跟进 

D.紧前关系绘图法(PDM) 

128. A project  is  nearing completion when the  project  manager discovers a new risk. What 

activity was the project manager performing when they discovered this risk? 

A. Identifying risks 

C. Risk reassessment 

 

 

B. Quantitative risk analysis 

D. Controlling risks 

128、一个项目接近完工，这是项目经理发现一个新风险，发现这个风险时，项目经理

执行的是什么活动？ 

A.识别风险 

B.定量风险分析 

C.风险再评估 

D.控制风险 

 

129.  Senior  management  asks  a  project  manager  to  develop  a  new  system,  but  has  no 

suggestions for the functions that should be implemented. What should the project manager do 

first? 

A. Develop the project charter. 

B. Create the business case. 

C. Develop the scope management plan. 

D. Prepare the project statement of work(SOW). 

129、高级管理层要求项目经理开发一个新系统，但对应实施的功能没有提供建议。项

目经理首先应该做什么？ 

A.制定项目章程 

C.制定范围管理计划 

 

 

 

B.创建商业论证 

D.准备项目工作说明书(SOW) 

130.  A  project  manager  is  leading  an  initiative  to  create  a  new  project  management  office 

(PMO) and must establish a methodology to manage portfolios, programs, and projects. What 

should the project manager use to manage expectations? 

A. Stakeholder analysis   

C. Communication methods 

B. Expert judgment 

D. Team meetings 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

130、项目经理正在管理一项创建新项目管理办公室(PMO)的计划，必须创建一种方法

来管理项目组合、项目群和项目，项目经理应该使用哪一项来管理期望？ 

A.干系人分析 

B.专家判断 

C.沟通方法 

D.团队会议 

 

131. While evaluating a project, the project team identifies several risks, most of which have 

mitigation  plans.  However,  one  probable  risk  cannot  be  reduced.  What  should  the  project 

manager do? 

A. Escalate the issue to senior management. 

B. Ask for additional resources. 

C. Use the management reserve. 

D. Implement the contingency reserve. 

131、在评估一个项目时，项目团队识别到多个风险，其中大部分风险都具有风险减轻

计划。然而，其中一个可能的风险不能减少。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.将问题上报给高级管理层。 

C.使用管理储备。 

 

B.要求额外资源。 

D.实施应急储备。 

 

132. A project  has an  earned value  (EV) of  US$2  million,  a planned value (PV) of US$2.5 

million, and an actual cost (AC) of US$1.2 million. What should the project manager suggest 

to senior management? 

A. Use crashing to shorten the schedule duration. 

B. Continue to monitor the project's timing and budget. 

C. Ask the project sponsor to delay the project. 

D. Use fast tracking to compress the schedule. 

132、项目的净值(EV)为 200 万美元，计划价值为(PV)250 万美元际成本(AC)为 120 万美

元项目经理应该向高级管理层提出什么建议？ 

A.使用赶工缩短进度计划持续时间 

B.继续监测项目时间和预算 

C.要求项目发起人延迟项目 

D.使用快速跟进压缩进度计划 

 

133.  During  project  execution,  the  project  sponsor  informs  the  project  manager  that  a 

stakeholder  complained  that  a  report  relevant  to  their  business  unit  was  not  received.  What 

should the project manager do? 

A. Conduct a stakeholder analysis 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

B. Identify the stakeholder information flow 

C. Send the report to the stakeholder 

D. Update the stakeholder management plan 

133、在项目执行期间，项目发起人通知项目经理各项目干系人抱怨说未收到与其业务

单元相关的一份报告。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.进行干系人分析 

 

B.识别该项目干系人的信息流 

C.向该项目干系人发送报告 

D.更新干系人管理计划 

 

134.  At  project  start,  the  project  sponsor  informs  the  project  manager  that  cost  control  is  a 

priority.  During  planning,  the  project  manager  determines  that  the  requirements  for 

components to be built by an external supplier, are clear and unlikely to change. What type of 

contract should the project manager use with the supplier? 

A. Fixed price incentive fee (FPIF) 

B. Cost plus incentive fee(CPIF) 

C. Time and material(T&M) 

D. Firm fixed price(FFP) 

134、项目开始时，项目发起人通知项目经理必须优先考虑成本控制。在规划期间，项

目经理确定由外部供应商制造的部件需求明确，不大可能发生变化。项目经理应该对该

供应商使用什么合同类型？ 

A.总价加激励费用合同(FPIF) 

B.成本加激励费用合同(CPIF) 

C.工料合同(T&M) 

 

D.固定总价合同(FFP) 

 

135. During project execution, the project manager learns that a new stakeholder requirement 

must be included. This will require three days for implementation, but isnot expected to impact 

the critical path. What should the project manager do? 

A. Perform the Integrated Change Control process 

B. Issue a change request 

C. Update the stakeholder register 

D. Obtain expert judgement from the project team 

135、在项目执行期间，项目经理得知必须包含一个新项目干系人的需求。这将需要三

天时间实施，但预期不会影响关键路径。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.实施整体变更控制过程 

B.签发变更请求 

C.更新干系人登记册 

 

D.从项目团队获得专家判断 

 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

136. A human resource manager notifies the project manager that two skilled technicians have 

been reassigned to another project, Whatshould the project manager do? 

A. Obtain expert judgment in the technical area. 

B. Perform market research to provide specific capabilities. 

C. Perform a make-or-buy analysis to filled project resource gap. 

D. Inform project stakeholders of the impact on the project schedule. 

136. 人力资源经理通知项目经理，两名熟练技术人员已经被重新安排负责另一个项目了。

项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.在技术领域获得专家判断。 

B.进行市场调研，提供具体能力。 

C.执行自制或外购分析，填补项目资源缺口。 

D.通知项目干系人对项目进度计划的影响。 

 

137.  A  complex  project  experienced  delays  due  to  subcontracted  work.  As  a  result,  several 

successive  takes  were  late.  The  project  finished  Within  budget  and  scope,  but  not  on  time. 

What documentation should the project manager provide to the customer? 

A. Updated activity list and activity duration estimates 

B. Updated work baseline structureand schedule baseline 

C. Inspection protocols and measurements 

D. Acceptance protocol and work performance specifications 

137、由于分包的工作，一个复杂项目延期了，结果，多个后续任务也延迟。项目最终

按预算和范围完成但未按时完成。项目经理应该向客户提供什么文件？ 

A.更新的活动清单和活动持续时间估算 

B.更新的工作基准结构和进度基准 

C.检查协议和测量 

D.验收协议和工作绩效规范 

 

138. An engineer completes a stakeholder request for a change in a deliverable's design without 

submitting a change request. What should the project manager do? 

A. Obtain information about why the change was made. 

B. Review the impact of the change, and submit a change request. 

C. Update the issue log. 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

D. Instruct the engineer to undo the change. 

138、一名工程师在没有提交变更请求的情况下，完成一各项目干系人的一项可交付成

果设计变更请求。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.获得为何进行变更的相关信息。 

B.审查变更的影响，并提交变更请求。 

C.更新问题日志。 

D.指示该工程师撤销变更。 

 

139.  After  meeting  a  project  milestone,  the  project  manager  gathers  the  team  to  review  the 

deliverable. The team determines that expected standards for product quality are unmet. What 

should the project manager use to identify the cause? 

A. Prioritization matrix   

B. Ishikawa diagram 

C. Perform Quality Assurance process 

D. Control Quality process 

139、在一个项目里程碑会议之后，项目经理将团队召集在一起审查可交付成果。团队

确定不能满足产品质量的预期标准。项目经理应该使用哪一项来识别原因？ 

A.优先顺序矩阵 

B.石川图 

C.执行质量保证过程  D.控制质量过程 

 

140. A project manager plans a kick-off meeting by referring to the stakeholder matric. 

Stakeholder 

Unaware 

Resistant 

Neutral 

Supportive 

Leading 

Stakeholder 1 

 

Stakeholder2 

C,D 

Stakcholder3 

Stakeholder4 

 

 

 

 

 

C 

 

 

C 

D 

C,D 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

C=current engagement level; D=desired engagement level 

Based on the matrix, with which stakeholder should the project manager communicate before 

the meeting? 

A. 1 

B. 2 

C.3 

140、项目经理通过查阅项目干系人矩阵来规划项目启动大会。 

干系人 

不知道 

反对 

中立 

干系人 1 

干系人 2 

干系人 3 

 

C, D 

 

 

 

 

 

 

C 

支持 

C, D 

 

 

D. 4 

领导 

 

 

 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

干系人 4 

 

C 

D 

 

 

C=当前参与程度；D=期望的参与程度 

根据这个矩阵，在会议之前，项目经理应与哪各项目干系人沟通？ 

A. 1 

 

B. 2 

C. 3 

D. 4 

141. A cost-control-sensitive project has teams in three locations——with time-zone,language, 

and communication issues. What should the project manager do to manage these issues? 

A. Hold periodic video-conferencing meetings. 

B. Make communications traceable using email. 

C. Use the pull communication method. 

D. Ensure that critical tasks are assigned to a single location. 

141、一个成本控制敏感项目团队分布三个位置——存在时区、语言和沟通问题。若要

管理这些问题，项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.召开定期的视频会议。 

B.使用电子邮件让沟通可跟踪。 

C.使用拉式沟通方法。 

D.确保关键任务分配给处于单独位置的团队。 

 

142. A project reaches an important milestone. Before moving to the next phase, the project 

manager  facilitates  a  meeting  with  the  project  team  and  involved  stakeholders  to  document 

lessons learned. What should the project manager use during this meeting? 

A. Collaboration techniques 

B. Failure mode and effect analysis(FMEA) 

C. Strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats (SWOT) analysis 

D. Interviewing techniques 

142、项目已经到达一个重要的里程碑。进入下一个阶段之前，项目经理安排一次与项

目团队的会议，让项目干系人参与，记录经验教训。在这次会议上，项目经理应使用什

么？ 

A.协作技术 

 

B.失效模式与影响分析(FMEA) 

C.优势、劣势、机会与威胁(SWOT)分析 

D.访谈技术 

 

143. A project  team  comprises members from  multiple regions, and deliverables have team 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

dependency. A month into the project, one team member informs the project manager that key 

information was ineffectively shared among the teams, which has placed the schedule at risk. 

What should the project manager do to correct this? 

A. Re-baseline the project schedule for the potential schedule delay. 

B. Update the human resource management plan. 

C. Review the communications management plan. 

D. Update the risk register. 

143、项目团队包含来自多个地区的成员，且可交付成果具有团队依赖性。项目进入一

个月时，一名团队成员通知项目经理，关键信息在团队之间不能有效地共享，这让进度

计划存在风险。若要纠正这个问题，项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.为潜在进度延期重订项目进度计划基准。  B.更新人力资源管理计划。 

C.查看沟通管理计划。  

D.更新风险登记册。 

 

144.  A  project  manager  is  developing  a  project  team  with  members  who  work  in  different 

company departments and have not worked together. Now, team members must begin to work 

together and trust one another. What development stage should the team expect to experience? 

A. Forming 

B. Performing 

C. Norming 

D. Storming 

144、项目经理正在与不同公司部门工作的成员一起组建项目团队。现在，团队成员必

须开始一起工作且彼此信任。团队预期将经历下列哪一项组建阶段？ 

A.形成阶段 

B.成熟阶段 

C.规范阶段 

D.震荡阶段 

 

145.  A  project  manager  is  a  first-time  leader  of  a  multi-site  project.  It  has  been  difficult 

assembling an integrated schedule, because work segments are submitted in different formats. 

Additionally, it is unclear who needs to approve the schedule. 

What should the project manager do? 

A. Take ownership of developing each schedule so they are in the same format 

B. Provide better scheduling tools. 

C. Review the scope management plan. 

D. Ask the project sponsor to speak with each site's management. 

145、项目经理首次管理一个多现场项目。由于工作部分是以不同格式提交的，难以组

织成一份整体的进度计划。另外，需要由谁来批准进度计划不明确。项目经理应该怎么

做？ 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

A.接管制定每份进度计划，确保格式相同。 

B.提供更好的进度安排工具。 

C.查看范围管理计划。 

D.让项目发起人与每个现场的管理层谈话。 

 

146.Due to multiple discussions and heated debates about unrelated project matters, the project 

manager is unable to address all agenda items at the project kick-off meeting. What should the 

project manager have done to satisfy all meeting objectives? 

A. Invited only the key stakeholders 

B. Planned fewer agenda items 

C. Invited subject matter experts(SMEs) 

D. Established ground rules 

146、由于对项目无关事项的多次讨论和激烈争论，在项目启动大会上，项目经理无法

解决所有会议议程事项。若要满足所有会议目标，项目经理事先应该做什么？ 

A.仅邀请关键项目干系人 

B.计划更少的会议议程事项 

C.邀请主题专家(SME)   

D.制定基本规则 

 

147.  A  project  is  experiencing  reducing  defects,  which  may  result  in  unmet  customer 

expectations. What should the project manager do first to address this? 

A. Conduct statistical sampling. 

B. Prepare an Ishikawa diagram. 

C. Create an affinity diagram. 

D.Perform a Quality audit. 

147、一个项目反复出现缺陷，可能导致无法满足客户期望。项目经理首先应该使用什

么来解决这个问题？ 

A.开展统计抽样。 

B.准备石川图。 

C.创建一份亲和图。  D.执行质量审计。 

 

148. During project meeting, a team member's functional manager dominates communication. 

The project manager is concerned that this will affect project progress.What should the project 

manager do? 

A. Speak with the functional manager about the issue. 

B. Escalate the issue to the functional manager's superior. 

C. Ask the functional manager to stop attending meetings. 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

D. Add the issue to the risk register. 

148、在项目会议上，一名团队成员的职能经理控制沟通。项目经理担心这将会影响项

目进展，项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.与该职能经理讨论该问题。 

B.将问题上报给该职能经理的上级。 

C.要求职能经理停止参加会议。 

D.将该问题添加进风险登记册。 

 

149. At the beginning of a project, a project manager is asked to prepare a quick, high-level 

cost  estimate.  The  project  manager  previously  worked  on  a  project  of  similar  size  and 

complexity. What tools and techniques should the project manageruse to develop the estimate? 

A. Three-point estimating and cost of quality(COQ) 

B. Vendor bid analysis and group decision-making techniques 

C. Expert judgment and analogous estimating 

D. Bottom-up estimating and reserve analysis 

149、一个项目开始时，项目经理被要求准备一份快速、高层次成本估算。该项目经理

之前从事过一个具有类似规模和复杂性的项目。项目经理应使用下列哪项工具或技术准

备估算？ 

A.三点估算和质量成本(COQ) 

B.卖方投标分析和群体决策技术 

C.专家判断和类比估算  

D.自下而上估算和储备分析 

 

150.  Two  project  team  members  have  an  interpersonal  conflict.  Team  member  A  has  more 

authority  than  team  member  B.  Team  member  A  uses  this  authority  on  a  regular  basis  to 

override team member B’s opinions. Which conflict management technique should the project 

manager use for long-term resolution of the conflict? 

A. Collaborate/problem solve 

B. Force/direct 

C. Withdraw/avoid 

 

D. Smooth/accommodate 

150、两名团队成员发生人际关系冲突。团队成员 A 比团队成员 B 拥有更多职权。团队

成员 A 经常使用该职权来推翻团队成员 B 的意见。要长期解决该冲突，项目经理应该

使用哪一项冲突管理技巧？ 

A.合作/解决问题 

B.强迫/命令 

C.撤退/回避 

D.缓解/包容 

 

151.  A  new  project  involves  a  product  with  which  the  support  team  is  unfamiliar.  A 

support-staff member, who completed the training for this product, submitsa resignation letter, 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

another support-staff member applies for a new position within the company. What should the 

project manager do? 

A. Identify and train other support-staff members to fill the vacancies. 

B. Increase the risk level in the risk register, and update the risk response plan. 

C. Move the risk from the risk register to the issue log. 

D. Hire external experts that have the needed skill set. 

151、一个新项目涉及一个支持团队不熟悉的产品。一名已完成该产品培训的支持成员，

提交了辞职信，另一名支持成员申请公司内部的新职位。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.识别并培训其他支持成员，填补空缺。 

B.提高风险登记册中的风险等级，并更新风险应对计划。 

C.将该风险从风险登记册移到问题日志。 

D.聘用拥有必要技能集的外部专家。 

 

152.  During  a  project's  execution  phase,  the  project  manager  realizes  that  a  stakeholder  is 

consistently late in responding to sensitive emails. What should the project manager do? 

A. Log it in the risk register as a communication issue. 

B. Refer to the Control Communicational process for an alternative form ofcommunication. 

C. Revise the communication channel being used in the communications management plan. 

D. Ask the project sponsor to address the issue with the stakeholder. 

152、在项目执行阶段，项目经理意识到项目干系人一直延迟答复敏感性电子邮件。项

目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.将其作为一个沟通问题记录在风险登记册中。 

B.参阅控制沟通过程，获得替代沟通方式。 

C.修订沟通管理计划中使用的沟通渠道。 

D.请求项目发起人解决该项目干系人的问题。 

 

153. A networking project requires the procurement of fiber cable. The manufacturer notifies 

the project manager that a shortage of material will delay shipment. 

What should the project manager do first? 

A. Refer to the procurement management plan. 

B. Notify the key stakeholders that the schedule is at risk. 

C. Advise the legal department about the contract variation. 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

D. Enter the delay into the risk registered. 

153、一个项目需要采购光纤电缆，制造商通知项目经理，由于材料短缺延迟运输。项

目经理首先应该做什么？ 

A.查阅采购管理计划。 

B.通知关键项目干系人进度计划存在风险。 

C.通知法律部门进行合同变更。 

D.将延期录入到风险登记册中。 

 

154.  Schedule  overruns  occur  due  to  unanticipated  project  integration  complexity  and 

resources  availability.  To  meet  project  deadlines,the  functions  manager  asks  the  project 

manager to go live without testing. What should the project manager have done to avoid this 

situation? 

A. Managed schedule variance 

B. Managed risks 

C. Identified risks 

 

D. Identified quality issues 

154、由于不可预测的项目整合复杂性和资源可用性，导致发生进度超支，为了满足项

目期限，职能经理要求项目经理在未经测试情况下上线。若要避免这种情况，项目经理

事先应该做什么？ 

A.管理进度偏差 

B.管理风险 

C.识别风险 

D.识别质量问题 

 

155.  A  new  project  manager  is  appointed  to  an  ongoing  project  for  which  an  important 

milestone validation meeting will occur in three days. What should the project manager do to 

ensure that the appropriate people are invited to this meeting? 

A. Ask senior management for recommendation. 

B. Refer to the attendance at previous milestone variation meetings. 

C. Discuss it with the project team. 

D. Consult the stakeholders management plan. 

155、一名新项目经理被任命管理一个正在执行的项目，针对这个项目，三天内将召开

一次重要的里程碑核实会议。若要确保相应人员受邀参加会议，项目经理应该怎么做? 

A.请求高级管理层提供建议。 

B.参照以往里程碑核实会议。 

C.与项目团队讨论该问题。 

D.查看干系人管理计划。 

 

156. Dissatisfied with a project's performance, a new finance director demands that the project 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

be placed on hold. What should the project manager do next? 

A. Escalate the issue to the project sponsor, and wait for further instructions. 

B. Place the project on hold until further information can be obtained. 

C. Meet with the finance director to discuss using the contingency reserve. 

D. Revise activity cost estimates, and submit a new budget proposal. 

156、新的财务总监对项目绩效不满意，要求项目搁置。项目经理下一步应该怎么做？ 

A.将该问题上报给项目发起人，并等待进一步指示。 

B.搁置项目，直到获取进一步信息。 

C.与该财务总监开会，讨论使用应急储备。 

D.修订活动成本估算，并提交新的预算建议书。 

 

157. An outdated version of an important project document was mistakenly sent to a group of 

stakeholders. After updating the issue log,what should the project manager do next? 

A. Determine corrective actions, and perform defect repair. 

B. Determine preventive actions, and perform defect repair. 

C. Determine corrective actions, and update the work performance report. 

D. Determine preventive actions, and update the work performance report. 

157、一份重要项目文件的过期版本被误发给一组项目干系人。更新问题日志后，项目

经理应该做什么？ 

A.确定纠正措施并执行缺陷补救。 

B.确定预防措施并执行缺陷补救。 

C.确定纠正措施并更新工作绩效报告。 

D.确定预防措施并更新工作绩效报告。 

 

158. After user acceptance testing, the project sponsor asks to change a functionagreed upon 

during the requirements-definition stage. What should the project manager do? 

A. Immediately important the change, and update the project management plan. 

B. Submit a change request to the change control board(CCB). 

C. Update the requirements traceability matrix. 

D. Ask the sponsor for approval,and implement the change. 

158、用户验收测试后，项目发起人要求变更一个在需求定义阶段约定的功能。项目经

理应该怎么做？ 

A.立即实施变更，更新项目管理计划。 

B.向变更控制委员会(CCB)提交一份变更请求。 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

C.更新需求追踪矩阵。 

D.要求项目发起人批准，并实施变更。 

 

159.  During  a  weekly  project  meeting,40  new  items  are  discovered  in  the  issue  log.  What 

should the project manager do? 

A. Inform the sponsor that the project will be delayed to resolve the issues. 

B. Prioritize the issues according to their impact on the project. 

C. Initiate change control procedures. 

D. Ask team members to focus on resolving the issues. 

159、在每周项目会议上，在问题日志中发现 40 个新事件。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.通知项目发起人，项目将延期交付来解决这些问题。 

B.根据这些问题对项目的影响来确定这些问题的优先级。 

C.启动变更控制程序。 

D.要求团队成员专注于解决这些问题。 

 

160. A subcontractor is awarded a project to integrate an online travel and expense system with 

a  company’s  administrative  system.  The  project  manager  must  ensure  that  the  interface 

complies with company policies.In what document should the project manager include these? 

A. Procurement management plan 

B. Work breakdown structure(WBS) 

C. Quality management plan 

D. Risk register 

160、分包商中得一个项目，将一个在线旅行和开支系统集成到一家公司的行政系统。

项目经理必须确保界面符合公司政策。项目经理应在哪一份文件中包含这些标准？ 

A.采购管理计划 

B.工作分解结构(WBS) 

C.质量管理计划 

D.风险登记册 

 

161. Unexpected technical problems require the addition of three new project resources. The 

existing  project  team  was  performing  well,  but  now  falls  behind  schedule  since  critical 

information is not being shared by the new resources. 

What should the project manager do? 

A. Direct all team members to refer to the communications management plan. 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

B. Meet with the new resources to explain the ground rules, and request compromise. 

C.  Ask  the  functional  managers  toinstruct  the  new  team  members  to  follow  the  stakeholder 

management plan. 

D. Conduct team building activities to encourage interpersonal bonds. 

161、意料之外的技术问题需要添加三个新的项目资源。现有项目团队表现良好，但由

于新资源不分享关键信息，现在落后进度。项目经理该怎么做？ 

A.指示所有团队成员查看沟通管理计划。 

B.与新资源开会，说明基本规则并要求妥协。 

C.要求职能经理指示新团队成员遵循干系人管理计划。 

D.开展团队建设活动，鼓励人际关系纽带。 

 

162. A project manager is developing the quality management plan. To solve quality-related 

problem, 

the  company  wants 

to  use 

the 

seven  basic  quality 

tools 

in 

the 

plan-do-check-act(PDCA)cycle.What tool should be included? 

A. Design of experiments 

B. Cost-benefit analysis 

C. Benchmarking 

 

D. Cause-and-effect diagrams 

162、项目经理在制定质量管理计划。为了解决质量相关问题，公司希望使用计划-实验

-检查-行动(PDCA)周期的七个基本质量工具。应该包括下列哪个工具？ 

A.实验设计 

B.成本效益分析 

C.标杆对照 

D.因果图 

 

163. A team member mentions to the project manager that high-and moderate-priority risks are 

reviewed daily, while low-priority risks are reviewed only at the beginning of the week. How 

should the project manager respond? 

A. Explain to the team member that it is unnecessary to review low-priority risks dally. 

B.  Inform  the  team  member  that  low-priority  risks  are  included  in  a  watch  list  for  periodic 

monitoring. 

C. Inform the team member that high-priority risks take more time to discuss. 

D. Explain to the member that low-priority risks can come high-priority, if necessary. 

163、一名团队成员向项目经理提到每天都会审查一次高优先和中优先级风险，而低优

先级风险只在每个周周初时审查。项目经理理应如何答复？ 

A.向该团队成员解释没有必要每天审查低优先级风险。 

B.告知该团队成员低优先级风险包含在定期监视清单中。 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

C.告知该团队成员高优先级风险需要花更多时间讨论。 

D.向该团队成员解释低优先级风险在必要时可能成为高优先级风险。 

 

164. A new, critical component was approved during project execution. After the was released, 

a business manager complains that the component adversely affected the financial forecast. 

Where should the project manager have capturedthe business manager's acceptance? 

A. Change control board(CCB)communications 

B. Stakeholder analysis documentation 

C. Change log 

D. Issue log 

164、一个新的关键组件在项目执行期间获得批准。在产品发布之后，业务经理抱怨说，

这个组件对财务预测产生负面影响。项目经理应从哪里获得业务经理的验收？ 

A.变更控制委员会(CCB)沟通 

B.干系人分析文档 

C.变更日志 

 

D.问题日志 

 

165. During project implementation, some team members complain that they are unsure about 

the project's deliverables. What should the project manager do to unsure that the project team is 

working according to project scope? 

A. Review the responsible accountable, consult, and inform(RACI)matrix. 

B. Update the communications management plan to clarify expectations. 

C. Share the project charter with the team. 

D. Distribute the work breakdown structure(WBS) to the team. 

165、在项目实施期间，一些团队成员抱怨说他们对项目可交付成果不确定。若要确保

项目团队按照项目范围工作，项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.审查执行、负责、查询和知情(RACI)矩阵。 

B.更新沟通管理计划，澄清期望。 

C.与团队分享项目章程。 

D.将工作分解结构(WBS)分发给团队。 

 

166.  A  project  manager  plans  to  acquire  resources  to  execute  project  tasks.  Contracts  with 

vendors are  evaluated to minimize the occurrence of identified risks. What  process  is  being 

implemented? 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

A.  Conduct Procurements  

B.  Make-or-Buy Analysis  

C. Requirements Documentation 

D. Plan Procurement Management 

166. 项目经理计划获得资源来执行项目任务。评估与供应商签订的合同，尽量减少发生

已识别风险的可能性，这正在执行哪个过程？ 

A.实施采购 

B.自制或外购分析 

C.需求文档 

D.制定采购管理计划 

 

167.  A  project  reaches  its  midway  point,  at  which  US$200,000  of  work  should  have  been 

performed.  Only  US$180,000  worth  of  work  was  performed  at  an  actual  cost  (AC)  of 

US$220,000.What is calculated based on this information? 

A.  Cost performance index (CPI) = 0.81  

B.  Estimate at completion (EAC) = US$400,000  

C.  Budget at completion (BAC) = US$500,000  

D.  Schedule performance index (SPI) = 1.1  

167.一个项目达到其中途点，这时应该已经完成 200，000 美元的工作。但只执行 180，

000 美元的工作价值，实际成本（AC)却为 220，000 美元。根据这个信息可以计算出哪

一项？ 

A.成本绩效指数(CPI)=0.81  

B.完工估算(EAC)=400，000 美元 

C.完工预算(BAC）=500，000 美元 

D.进度绩效指数(SPI）=1.1  

 

168.  After  evaluating  sellers'  proposals,  a  project  manager  discovers  a  significant  variance 

among  their  prices.  This  makes  it  difficult  to  compare  the  bids  and  make  a  decision.  To 

determine the cause of the inconsistencies, what should the project manager do? 

A.  Hold a bidder conference. 

B.  Review the procurement statement of work (SOW). 

C.  Report the differences to their manager. 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

D.  Review the project SOW. 

168. 评估卖方建议书后，项目经理发现他们的价格存在显著差异。这使得难以比较报价

和做出决定。若要确定导致不一致的原因，项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.举行投标人会议。 

B.审查采购工作说明书(SOW)。 

C.将差异报告给他们的经理。 

D.审查项目工作说明书。 

 

169. The project auditor requests the project management plan to analyze a project deviation. 

What must be included in the project management plan? 

A. Stakeholder list 

C. Cost baseline 

 

 

B. Project staff assignments 

D. Seller proposals 

169、项目审计员要求项目管理计划分析项目偏差，项目管理计划中必须包含哪些内容？ 

A.干系人清单 

B.项目人员分配 

C.成本基准 

D.卖方建议书 

 

170. The project manager for project A reviews the lessons learned from a very similar project, 

project B. They discover that project B's schedule was extended when the team failed to meet 

the delivery date. What should the project manager for project Ado? 

A. Document this as a risk in the risk register. 

B. Note it in the issue log. 

C. Issue a change request. 

D. Ensure the new team has the appropriate skills. 

170、项目 A 的项目经理查看了极为类似的项目 B 经验教训。他们发现由于团队未能满

足交付日期，项目 B 的进度计划延期。项目 A 的项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.将其作为一项风险记录在风险登记册中。  B.将其记录在问题日志中。 

C.签发变更请求。 

 

D.确保新团队拥有适当的技能。 

 

171.Senior  management  asks  the  project  manager  for  a  report  explaining  the  project's 

high-level stakeholder expectations. What should the project manager do? 

A. Collect inputs from the project team. 

B. Study the statement of work (SOW). 

C. Use historical databases. 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

D.  Hold profile analysis meetings. 

171. 高级管理层要求项目经理提交一份报告，说明项目的高层次干系人期望。项目经理

应该怎么做？ 

A.收集项目团队的输入。 

B.研究工作说明书(SOW)。 

C.使用历史数据库。 

D.召开情况分析会议。 

 

172.  During  a  new  project's  stakeholder  meeting,  the  project  manager  discovers  that  one 

stakeholder  is  resistant  to  the  project.  The  project  manager  notes  this,  and  rates  the 

stakeholder’s engagement level. What tool or technique did the project manager use to rate this 

stakeholder’s engagement level? 

A. Analytical techniques  

C. Interpersonal skills 

 

B. Risk probability and impact assessment 

D. Expert judgment 

172、在新项目的干系人会议中，项目经理发现一名干系人对项目有抵触。项目经理记

录这个问题，并对该干系人的参与程度评级。项目经理使用了哪项工具或技术来为干系

人的参与程度评级？ 

A.分析技术 

B.风险概率和影响评估 

C.人际关系技巧 

D.专家判断 

 

173.  A  project  require  that  some  servers  be  purchased  from  external  vendors.  Standard 

procedure  requires  that  three  vendor  quotations  be  obtained  before  making  a  purchasing 

decision.What should the project manager do? 

A. Send out an invitation for bid (IFB). 

B. Prepare a request for proposal(RFP). 

C. Submit a purchase order(PO). 

D. Send out an invitation for negotiation. 

173、一个项目要求从外部供应商购买一些服务器，标准程序要求在做出采购决策之前，

需要获得三家供应商的报价。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.发出投标邀请书(IFB)。 

B.准备建议邀请书(RFP)。 

C.提交采购订单(PO)。  

D.发出洽谈邀请。 

 

174. A three-project program was initially approved, but financial projects failed to support the 

justification of all three projects. What should the project manager provide to management to 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

evaluate the projects? 

A. Customer-initiated change request 

B. Business case analysis plan 

C. Project scope statement 

D. Product development plan 

174、一个由三个项目组成的项目群最初获得批准，但是财务预测未能支持所有三个项

目的申请理由。若需要评估项目，项目经理应向管理层提供什么？ 

A.客户提出的变更请求  

C.项目范围说明书 

 

 

B.商业论证分析计划 

D.产品开发计划 

175. A project  is  behind schedule and over budget.  The  development  and quality  assurance 

teams have reported numerous defects.What should the project manager update? 

A. Issue log 

 

B. Acceptance criteria 

C. Project management plan 

D. Risk register 

175、项目落后于进度，并超出预算。开发和质量保证团队已经报告了大量的缺陷。 

项目经理应更新哪一项内容？ 

A.问题日志 

B.验收标准 

C.项目管理计划 

D.风险登记册 

 

176. A project manager asks team members to submit project documents by a specific date. 

Some team members do not submit their documents on time, claiming that it was unclear what 

documents were expected. What should the project manager do? 

A. Hold a project meeting to collect the completed project documents. 

B. Ask the team members' supervisors to direct the team members to submit the documents. 

C. Report the issue to the customer and ask them to change the due date. 

D. Review the work breakdown structure (WBS) to clarify tasks for the team members. 

176. 项目经理要求团队成员在某个特定日期之前提交项目文件。有些团队成员未按时提

交文件，声称对提交哪些文件不清楚。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.召开项目会议，收集已完成的项目文件。 

B.让团队成员监督员指示团队成员提交文件。 

C.将该问题报告给客户，并要求他们变更截止日期。 

D.审查工作分解结构(WBS），为团队成员澄清任务。 

 

177. A project is behind schedule and over budget, and the contingency reserve has already 

been depleted. What should the project manager do to access the management reserve? 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

A. Update the cost baseline. 

B. Re-baseline the project. 

C. Conduct a reserve analysis. 

D. Initiate change control procedures. 

177、一个项目落后于进度计划并超出预算，且应急储备已经用尽。若要使用管理储备，

项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.更新成本基准。 

B.重订项目基准。 

C.执行储备分析。 

D.启动变更控制程序。 

 

178. Project team members are concerned that an approved change request adds scope, extends 

the timeline, but does not include additional budget. What should the project manager do? 

A. Look for alternatives to manage work within the existing budget. 

B. Ask management for a budget increase. 

C. Motivate the team to meet the challenge. 

D. Reject the approved change request. 

178、项目团队成员担心一项批准的变更请求会增加范围，延长时间线，但不包含额外

预算。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.寻找可选替代方案，在现有预算范围内管理工作。 

B.要求管理层增加预算。 

C.激励团队面对挑战。 

D.拒绝批准的变更请求。 

 

179.  After  receiving  change  control  board  (CCB)  approval  for  a  change  request  the  project 

manager implements the change. What should the project manager do next? 

A. Update the budget. 

B. Perform an expected monetary value (EMV) analysis. 

C. Modify the configuration management plan. 

D. Update the lessons learned. 

179、收到变更控制委员会(CCB)批准一个变更请求后，项目经理实施了变更。项目经

理下一步应该怎么做？ 

A.更新预算。 

 

C.修订配置管理计划。  

 

B.执行预期货币价值(EMV)分析。 

D.更新经验教训。 

180.  A  project  manager's  construction  project  is  on  time,  on  scope,  and  within  budget.  The 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

project manager learns that a favorable weather forecast will allow for the implementation of 

critical path activities earner man expected,What should the project manager do first? 

A. Revise the schedule. 

B. Initiate perform integrated change control process. 

C. Check risk register. 

D. Follow the planned schedule. 

180. 项目经理的施工项目符合时间、范围以及预算。项目经理了解到有利的天气预报将

允许比预期提前执行关键路径上的活动。项目经理首先应该做什么？ 

A.修订进度计划。 

B.开始执行整体变更控制过程。 

C.检查风险登记册。 

D.遵循计划的进度计划。 

 

181.  During  project  implementation,  the  project  manager  notices  that  a  team  member  is 

inconsistent when meeting task deadlines. What should the project manager do? 

A. Release the team member and look for a replacement. 

B. Continue to observe the team member. 

C. Assign additional resources to help the team member. 

D. Provide coaching and performance monitoring to the team member. 

181、在项目实施期间，项目经理注意到一名团队成员在截止日期之前无法完成任务。

项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.开除该团队成员，并寻找替代人员。 

B.继续观察该团队成员。 

C.分配额外资源帮助该团队成员。 

D.为该团队成员提供教练和绩效监督。 

 

182. Midway through a  project's execution phase, the project  manager observes that a team 

member fails to provide responses to work inquiries. The project manager discovers that the 

team member is assigned to multiple company projects, and that the majority of their time is 

spent on the other projects. 

What should the projects manager do? 

A. Reduce the team member’s workload. 

B. Update the risk register. 

C. Seek the project sponsor’s advice. 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

D. Speak with the team member's functional manager. 

182、在一个项目的执行阶段中途，项目经理注意到一名团队成员未能对工作问题提供

答复。项目经理发现该团队成员被分配到多个公司项目，其大部分时间都花在其他项目

上。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.减少该团队成员的工作量。 

B.更新风险登记册。 

C.寻求项目发起人的建议。 

D.与该团队成员的职能经理谈话。 

 

183. A project manager issues the project charter, but concerns are raised on their authority to 

do so. To have avoided these concerns, who should have issued the project charter? 

A. CEO 

B. Project sponsor 

C. Senior management D. CFO 

183、项目经理签发了项目章程，但对其这样做的职权提出了担忧。若要避免这些担忧，

应由谁来签发项目章程？ 

A.首席执行官 

B.项目发起人 

C.高级管理层 

D.首席财务官 

 

184.  A  project  manager  receives  budgets  of  US$50  million,  US$75  million,  and  US$120 

million  to  calculate  optimistic,  most  likely,  and  pessimistic  estimates,  respectively,  for  a 

project. Using beta distribution, what estimate should the project manager use? 

A. US$78.30 million 

C. US$100.83 million 

 

 

B. US$81.67 million 

D. US$156.67 million 

184、项目经理收到预算为 5000 万美元，7500 万美元以及 1.2 亿美元来分别计算一个项

目的乐观、最可能以及悲观估算，使用贝塔分布，项目经理应该使用哪一项估算？ 

A.7830 万美元 

B.8167 万美元 

C.1.0083 亿美元 

D.1.5667 亿美元 

 

185. During a project review meeting, the project manager discovers an issue that cannot be 

resolved by the project team. What should the project manager do? 

A. Update the issue log.  B. Submit a change request. 

C. Update the stakeholder management plan. 

D. Request additional resources. 

185、在项目评审会上，项目经理发现一个项目团队不能解决的问题。项目经理应该怎

么做？ 

A.更新问题日志。 

 

C.更新干系人管理计划。 

 

B.提交变更请求。 

D.请求额外的资源。 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

186. While developing a project charter, a disagreement on the high-level project description 

and  requirements  occurs  between  the  sales  and  operational  teams.  What  should  the  project 

manager do? 

A. Use expert judgment to complete the project charter. 

B. Schedule a meeting with the sponsor. 

C. Apply facilitation techniques for problem solving. 

D. Complete the project charter with the available details. 

186、制定项目章程时，销售团队和运营团队对高层次项目描述和需求的意见不一致。

项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.使用专家判断来完成项目章程。 

B.安排一次与项目发起人的会议。 

C.应用推进技术解决问题。 

D.使用可用的详细信息完成项目章程。 

 

187. A project to implement enterprise resource planning (ERP) software has been completed. 

The  project  manager  wants  to  transfer  ownership  of  the  Deliverables  to  the  IT  department. 

What document should the project managed reference to ensure acceptance of the deliverables? 

A. Scope management plan 

B.Communications management plan 

C. Requirements documentation 

D. Project charter 

187、一个实施企业资源规划(ERP)软件的项目已经完成。项目经理希望将可交付成果的

所有权转移给 IT 部门。为确保可交付成果的验收，项目经理应查阅哪一份文件？ 

A.范围管理计划 

B.沟通管理计划 

C.需求文件 

D.项目章程 

 

188. During project team acquisition, a senior functional manager requests that a relative be 

included  on  the  team.  However,  the  candidate  does  not  appear  to  have  the  required 

qualifications. What should the project manager do? 

A. Hire the candidate to keep the functional manager engaged. 

B. Delegate the hiring decision to the project team. 

C. Use multi-criteria decision analysis to score the candidate. 

D. Reject the candidate for ethical reasons. 

188、在项目团队招募期间，一名高级职能经理请求将其一名亲戚包含在团队中。然而，

该应聘者似乎不具备必要的资格。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.聘用应聘者，保持职能经理的参与。 

B.将招聘决定委托给项目团队。 

C.使用多标准决策分析对应聘者进行评分。  D.出于道德原因拒绝该应聘者。 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

189. Due to regulatory changes, the contract currency value for a key supplier is significantly 

increased. What should the project manager update? 

A. Contingency reserve   

C. Cost baseline 

 

B. Cost management plan 

D. Risk management plan 

189、由于监管变化，一个关键供应商的合同货币价值大幅增加。项目经理应更新哪一

项内容？ 

A.应急储备 

B.成本管理计划. 

C.成本基准 

D.风险管理计划 

 

190.  During  a  project's  final  stage,  a  key  stakeholder  identifies  that  the  product  is  missing 

critical  features  that  must  be  added  to  be  marketplace  competitive.  What  should  the  project 

manager do? 

A. Modify the scope management plan B. Update the quality checklists. 

C. Follow the change management plan D. Review the statement of work (SOW). 

190、在一个项目的最终阶段，一名关键干系人识别到产品缺失关键功能，必须增加这

项功能才能在市场上具有竞争力。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.修订范围管理计划。  

C.遵循变更管理计划。  

 

B.更新质量核对表。 

D.查看工作说明书(SOW)。 

191. Three months into the development of a new product, a team member informs the project 

manager  of  a  quality  issue  with  one  of  the  components.  What  tool  or  technique  should  the 

project manager use to efficiently address and solve this issue? 

A. Pareto diagram 

B. Strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats (SWOT) analysis 

C. Parametric estimating 

D. Meetings 

191、一个新产品的开发进入三个月时，团队成员通知项目经理其中一个组件存在质量

问题。项目经理应该使用什么工具或技术来有效处理并解决这个问题？ 

A.帕累托图 

B.优势、劣势、机会与威胁(SWOT)分析 

C.参数估算 

D.会议 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

192. During a project's initial phase, the project sponsor expresses that it must be completed 

within six months. What should the project manager do to determine if the timeline is realistic? 

A. Consult subject matter experts (SMEs). 

B. Refer to the human resource management plan. 

C. Refer to the schedule management plan. 

D. Arrange a focus group with project stakeholders. 

192、在项目初始阶段，项目发起人表示项目必须在六个月内完成，若要确定时间线是

否切合实际，项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.咨询主题专家(SME)。 

B.查看人力资源管理计划。 

C.查看进度管理计划。 

D.安排一次与项目干系人召开的焦点小组会议。 

 

193. A project to replace a critical application will impact several internal and externalservices. 

During  the planning process,  the stakeholders who own these services fail to  commit to the 

agreed-upon activities. How should the project manager improve stakeholder engagement? 

A. Use negotiation and communication. 

B. Escalate the situation to the steering committee. 

C. Prepare a probability and impact matrix. 

D. Document the situation in the issue log. 

193、一个更换关键应用程序的项目将影响多个内部和外部服务。在规划过程中，拥有

这些服务的项目干系人未能承诺履行约定活动。项目经理应该如何改进项目干系人的参

与程度？ 

A.使用谈判和沟通。 

B.将这种情况上报给指导委员会。 

C.准备一份概率和影响矩阵。 

D.将这种情况记录在问题日志中。 

 

194. During the project execution phase, it is discovered that a sub-team is not working toward 

agreed-upon project goals. What document should the project manager consult? 

A. Project management plan 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

B. Resource breakdown structure (RBS) 

C. Project charter 

D. Human resource management plan 

194、在项目执行阶段，发现一个子团队没有为约定的项目目标工作。项目经理应该查

询哪份文件？ 

A.项目管理计划 

B.资源分解结构(RBS) 

C.项目章程 

D.人力资源管理计划 

 

195. A project  manager meets  with  key stakeholders to  set  clear project  expectations. What 

tool or technique should the project manager use? 

A. Product analysis 

B. Facilitated Workshops 

C. Expert judgment 

D. Alternatives generation 

195、项目经理与关键干系人开会，设定明确的项目期望。项目经理使用的是什么工具

或技术？ 

A.产品分析 

B.引导式研讨会 

C.专家判断 

D.产生可选方案 

 

196. Prior to the next meeting, a critical project's sponsor needs to know its high-level risks and 

major requirements. The sponsor wants  to  involve the stakeholders to  ensure their  levels  of 

engagement,  and  to  identify  the  main  constraints  based  on  the  current  environment.  What 

should the project manager prepare first for the sponsor? 

A. Stakeholder register 

B. Risk breakdown structure(RBS) 

C. Risk management plan 

D. Stakeholders engagement assessment matrix 

196、下一次会议之前，一名关键项目发起人需要知道项目的高层级风险和主要需求。

该项目发起人希望让项目干系人参与，确保他们的参与程度，并根据当前环境识别主要

制约因素。项目经理首先应该为项目发起人准备哪一项？ 

A.干系人登记册 

B.风险分解结构(RBS) 

C.风险管理计划 

D.干系人参与度评估矩阵 

 

197、A  project  manager  wants  to  use  a  specific  vendor  on  a  new  project.  This  vendoris 

currently  working  on  another  project  that  the  project  manager  leads.  The  project  manager 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

wants the vendor to finish the current project before starting work on the new one. What should 

the project manager do before the vendor begins work on the new project? 

A. Review the contract agreement with the vendor. 

B. Update the procurement documentation. 

C. Conduct a procurement audit. 

D. Ask the vendor to complete all existing work. 

197、项目经理希望在新项目中使用名特定供应商，该供应商目前正在为项目经理管理

的另一个项目工作。项目经理希望在开始为新项目工作之前，先完成当前项目。在供应

商开始为新项目工作之前，项目经理应该做什么？ 

A.与供应商一起评审合同协议。 

B.更新采购文档。 

C.执行采购审计。 

 

D.要求供应商完成所有现有工作。 

 

198.As  the  project  enters  the  execution  phase,  the  project  manager  learns  that  the  team 

members are 

working overtime doing unanticipated work without a change in scope. What is the most likely 

reason for this situation? 

A. Insufficient work breakdown structure 

B. Unclear communications management plan 

C. Incorrect estimation in activity duration 

D. Poor resource planning 

198.当项目进入执行阶段时，项目经理了解到团队成员在没有变更范围的情况下，加班

进行预期之外的工作。出现这种情况的最大可能原因是什么？ 

A.工作分解结构不充分 

B.沟通管理计划不明确 

C.活动持续时间估算不准确 

D.资源计划差 

 

199、A project manager is leading a project to build a new product. The R&D engineer suggests 

a design change to improve performance. What should the project manager do next? 

A. Request client approval of the design change. 

B. Ask the project team to assess how the design change affects project scope. 

C. Recognize the team member for their suggestion. 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

 
 
 

清晖项目管理                                                                    PMP 复习测试题三 

D. Update the project management plan to include the design change. 

199、项目经理目前正在管理一个制造新产品的项目。研发工程师建议一项设计变更，

改进性能。项目经理下一步应该怎么做？ 

A.请求客户批准该设计变更。 

B.要求项目团队评估该设计变更对项目范围的影响。 

C.认可团队成员的建议。 

D.更新项目管理计划，包含该设计变更。 

 

200.  During  a  project's  initial  status  meeting,  a  team  member  reports  that,  due  tostrike,  an 

important item will not be delivered by a supplier. This supplier has had similar issues in the 

past. 

What should the project manager do? 

A. Mitigate the risk by exploring alternative suppliers. 

B. Investigate why this risk was not identified during planning. 

C. Update the project management plan. 

D. Review the risk management plan. 

200、在一个项目的首次状态会议上，一名团队成员报告说，由于罢工，供应商将不能

交付一个重要事项。该供应商在过去存在类似问题。项目经理应该怎么做？ 

A.通过开拓替代供应商来减轻风险。 

B.调查为何在规划过程中未能识别到这个风险。 

C.更新项目管理计划。 

D.查看风险管理计划。 

 

www.changeway.com.cn                         400-880-5680 

